Exhibit 1.2
Up to 2,445,223 Shares
(subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares
in the event of an increase in the pro forma market
value of the Company’s Common Stock)
Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania
(a federal stock holding company)
Common Stock
(par value $.01 per share)
AGENCY AGREEMENT
November ___, 2006
SANDLER O’NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P.
919 Third Avenue, 6  Floor
New York, New York 10022
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Greater Delaware Valley Holdings, A Mutual Company, a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual holding company (the “PA MHC”), Alliance
Mutual Holding Company, a federal mutual savings and loan holding company in formation (the “Federal MHC”), Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of
Pennsylvania, a federal stock holding company in formation (the “Company”), and Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank d/b/a Alliance Bank, a
Pennsylvania-chartered stock savings bank (the “Bank”), hereby confirm their agreement with Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P. (“Sandler O’Neill” or
the “Agent”) with respect to the offer and sale by the Company of up to 2,445,223 shares (subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares in the event
of an increase in the pro forma market value of the Company’s common stock) of the Company’s common stock, par value $.01 per share (the
“Common Stock”). The shares of Common Stock to be sold by the Company in the Offerings (as defined below) are hereinafter called the
“Securities.”
The PA MHC and the Bank have determined to undertake a reorganization pursuant to which the Company will be created as a mid-tier
holding company, the outstanding capital stock of the Bank will be exchanged for shares of the Common Stock, and the PA MHC will convert from a
Pennsylvania-chartered mutual holding company to a federally-chartered mutual holding company under the name Alliance Mutual Holding
Company, all in accordance with the Agreement and Plan
1
thof Reorganization, dated as of June 21, 2006, as may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. Concurrently therewith, the
Securities are being offered for sale in the Offerings (as defined below) in accordance with the Plan of Additional Stock Issuance dated June 21,
2006 as may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and the Plan of Additional
Stock Issuance are hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Plans.”  The PA MHC and Federal MHC are hereinafter referred to collectively as the
“MHCs.”
Pursuant to the Plans, the Company will offer to certain depositors of the Bank and to the Bank’s tax qualified employee benefit plans,
including the Bank’s employee stock ownership plan (the “ESOP”) (collectively, the “Employee Plans”), rights to subscribe for the Securities in a
subscription offering (the “Subscription Offering”).  To the extent Securities are not subscribed for in the Subscription Offering, such Securities may
be offered to certain members of the general public and to other persons in a community offering (the “Community Offering”), with preference given
first to natural persons and trusts of natural persons residing in Delaware and Chester Counties, Pennsylvania and then to the Bank’s stockholders
as of ___________, 2006.  The Community Offering, which together with the Subscription Offering, as each may be extended or reopened from time
to time, is herein referred to as the “Subscription and Community Offering,” may be commenced concurrently with, during or after, the Subscription
Offering. It is currently anticipated that any Securities not subscribed for in the Subscription and Community Offering will be offered, subject to
Section 2 hereof, in a syndicated community offering (the “Syndicated Community Offering”). The Subscription and Community Offering and the
Syndicated Community Offering are hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Offerings.” The conversion of the PA MHC from a state-chartered
mutual holding company to a federally-chartered mutual holding company, the formation of the Company, the exchange of the capital stock of the
Bank for capital stock of the Company and the Offerings are hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Reorganization and Additional Stock
Issuance.” As a result of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, the Bank, which is currently 80.02% owned by the PA MHC, will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company will be 55% owned by the Federal MHC.  The Securities may be offered to the
general public in a public offering (the “Public Offering”) in lieu of or subsequent to the Syndicated Community Offering.  If there is a Public
Offering, the Public Offering will be governed by a separate definitive purchase agreement as described in Section 2 hereof.  It is acknowledged that
the number of Securities to be sold in the Offerings may be increased or decreased in accordance with the Plans.  If the number of Securities is
increased or decreased, the term “Securities” shall mean such greater or lesser number, where applicable.  In the event that a mid-tier holding
company form of organization is not utilized, all pertinent terms of this Agreement will apply to the sale of the Bank’s common stock.
The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-
136853), including a related prospectus, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”),
has filed such amendments thereto, if any, and such amended prospectuses as may have been required to the date hereof by the Commission in
order to declare such registration statement effective, and will file such additional amendments thereto and such amended prospectuses and
prospectus supplements as may hereafter be required. Such registration statement (as amended to date, if applicable, and as from time to time
amended or supplemented hereafter) and the prospectuses constituting a part thereof (including in each case all documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference
2therein and the information, if any, deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act, as
from time to time amended or supplemented pursuant to the Securities Act or otherwise (the “Securities Act Regulations”)), are hereinafter referred
to as the “Registration Statement” and the “Prospectus,” respectively, except that if any revised prospectus shall be used by the Company in
connection with the Subscription and Community Offering or the Syndicated Community Offering which differs from the Prospectus on file at the
Commission at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective (whether or not such revised prospectus is required to be filed by the
Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations), the term “Prospectus” shall refer to such revised prospectus from and after
the time it is first provided to the Agent for such use.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company is delivering to the Agent copies of the Prospectus of the Company to
be used in the Offerings. Such Prospectus contains information with respect to the Bank, the Company, the MHCs and the Common Stock.
SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
(a) The Company, the Bank and the MHCs jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Agent as of the date hereof as follows:
(i) The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, no stop order has been issued with respect thereto
and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, threatened by the
Commission. At the time the Registration Statement became effective and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof, the
Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act
Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.  The Prospectus, at the date hereof does not and at the Closing Time
referred to in Section 2 hereof will not, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,  provided, however , that the
representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or
Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information with respect to the Agent furnished to the Company in writing by
the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (the “Agent Information,” which the Company, the MHCs and the
Bank acknowledge appears only in the sixth paragraph of the section “The Offering - Plan of Distribution and Marketing Arrangements”
of the Prospectus.)
(ii) At the time of filing the Registration Statement relating to the offering of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company
was not, and is not, an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations.  At the time of the filing of the
Registration Statement and at the time of the use of any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act
Regulations, the Company met the conditions required by Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act Regulations for the use of a free writing
prospectus.  If required to be filed, the Company has filed any issuer free writing
3prospectus related to the offered Securities at the time it is required to be filed under Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations and, if not
required to be filed, will retain such free writing prospectus in the Company’s records pursuant to Rule 433(g) of the Securities Act
Regulations and if any issuer free writing prospectus is used after the date hereof in connection with the offering of the Securities the
Company will file or retain such free writing prospectus as required by Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations.
(iii) As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to the
Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus, all considered together (collectively, the “General Disclosure Package”), nor (ii) any
individual Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package,
included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or
omissions from any Prospectus included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities or any Issuer-Represented Free
Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use
therein. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement:
1. “Applicable Time” means each and every date when a potential purchaser submitted a subscription or
otherwise committed to purchase Securities.
2. “Statutory Prospectus”, as of any time, means the Prospectus relating to the offered Securities that is
included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities immediately prior to that time, including any
document incorporated by reference therein.
3. “Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus” means any “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in
Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations, relating to the offered Securities.  The term does not include any writing
exempted from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act, without regard to
Rule 172 or Rule 173 of the Securities Act Regulations.
4. “Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing
Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors.
5. “Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing
Prospectus that is not an Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus.  The term Issuer-Represented Limited-
Use Free Writing Prospectus also includes any “bona
4fide electronic road show,” as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, that is made available without
restriction pursuant to Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities Act Regulations or otherwise, even though not required to be
filed with the Commission.
(iv) Each Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, as of its date of first use and at all subsequent times through the
completion of the Offerings and sale of the offered Securities or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Agent (as
described in the next sentence), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the
information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities, including any document incorporated by reference
therein that has not been superseded or modified.  If at any time following the date of first use of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus
conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities or included or
would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has notified or will
notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-Represented Free-Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended or
supplemented and the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer-Represented Free Writing
Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.  The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in
or omissions from any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.
(v) The MHCs and the Company have filed with the Office of Thrift Supervision (the “OTS”) an application for approval of their
acquisition of the Bank (the “Holding Company Application”) on Form H-(e)1 promulgated under the savings and loan holding company
provisions of the Home Owners’ Loan Act, as amended (“HOLA”) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  The Holding Company
Application includes a proxy statement for the special meeting of stockholders of the Bank called to approve the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization (the “Proxy Statement”). The MHCs and the Company have received written notice from the OTS of its approval of the
Holding Company Application, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the OTS suspending or
revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the OTS.  At the date of such approval and at
the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Holding Company Application complied and will comply in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of HOLA and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Holding Company Application is truthful and accurate in
all material respects.
The Company has filed with the Pennsylvania Department of Banking (the “Department”) an application for approval of its
acquisition of the Bank (the “Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank”).  The Company has received written notice from the
5Department of its approval of the acquisition of the Bank, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by
the Department suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the Department.
At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank
complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Banking Code of 1965 of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank is truthful and
accurate in all material respects.
The Bank has filed with the Department an application for approval of the proposed merger between the Bank and Alliance
Interim Savings Bank (the “Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate”).  The Bank has received written notice from the
Department of its approval of the Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate, such approval remains in full force and effect and no
order has been issued by the Department suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or
threatened by the Department.  At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Application for Approval
to Merge or Consolidate complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Banking Code of 1965 of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Application for Approval to Merge or Consolidate
is truthful and accurate in all material respects.
The Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank have filed with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) an
application for approval of the proposed merger between the Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank (the “Bank Merger Application”).
The Bank and Alliance Interim Savings Bank have received written notice from the FDIC of its approval of the Bank Merger Application,
such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the FDIC suspending or revoking such approval and no
proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the FDIC.  At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time referred to in
Section 2, the Bank Merger Application complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Bank Merger
Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Bank Merger Application is truthful and accurate in all material respects.
(vi) Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the OTS, as from time to time amended or supplemented (the “OTS Regulations”),
the Company has filed with the OTS an Application for Approval of a Minority Stock Issuance by a Mid-Tier Subsidiary of a Mutual
Holding Company (Form MHC-2) and has filed such amendments thereto and supplementary materials as may have been required to the
date hereof. The Form MHC-2, as amended to date, if applicable, and as from time to time amended or supplemented hereafter, is
hereinafter referred to as the “MHC Application.”  The Company has received written notice from the OTS of its approval of the MHC
Application, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the OTS suspending or revoking such
approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the OTS.  At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time
referred to in Section 2, the MHC Application
6complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the OTS Regulations. The MHC Application is truthful
and accurate in all material respects.
(vii) At the time of their use, the Proxy Statement and any other proxy solicitation materials will comply in all material respects
with the applicable provisions of the OTS Regulations and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The
Company, the MHCs and the Bank have filed the Prospectus and any supplemental sales literature with the Commission and the OTS.  The
Prospectus and all supplemental sales literature, as of the date the Registration Statement became effective and at the Closing Time
referred to in Section 2, complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the OTS Regulations, and the
Securities Act Regulations and, at or prior to the time of their first use, will have received all required authorizations of the OTS and
Commission for use in final form.
(viii) None of the Commission, the OTS or any “Blue Sky” authority has, by order or otherwise, prevented or suspended the use
of the Proxy Statement, the Prospectus or any supplemental sales literature authorized by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank for use in
connection with the Offerings, and no proceedings for such purposes are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs or the
Bank, threatened.
(ix) The Offerings and other transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not require any material  consent, approval,
authorization or permit or filing with any other governmental agency or regulatory authority, except as disclosed in the Prospectus.
(x) The Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance has been approved by and the Plans have been duly adopted by the
Boards of Directors of the Company, the Bank and the MHCs and such approval and adoption has not since been rescinded or revoked.
At the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Company, the Bank and the MHCs will have completed the conditions precedent to the
Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS Regulations and all other applicable laws,
regulations, decisions and orders, including all material terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization
and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the Bank or the MHCs by the OTS, the FDIC, or any other regulatory
authority, other than those which the regulatory authority permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock
Issuance.
(xi) RP Financial, LC (the “Appraiser”), which prepared the valuation of the Bank as part of the Reorganization and Additional
Stock Issuance, has advised the Company, the MHCs and the Bank in writing that it satisfies all requirements for an appraiser set forth in
the OTS Regulations and any interpretations or guidelines issued by the OTS or its staff with respect thereto.
(xii) Deloitte & Touche LLP, the accountants who audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements and supporting
schedules of the Bank and its subsidiaries
7included in the Registration Statement, have advised the Company, the MHCs and the Bank in writing that they are independent public
accountants within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “AICPA”), that they
are registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and such accountants are, with respect to the Company,
the MHCs and the Bank, independent certified public accountants as required by, and are not in violation of the auditors independence
requirements of, the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations and OTS Regulations.
(xiii) The only direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance
will be the Bank; the only direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Bank are Alliance Delaware Corporation, 541 Corp., and Alliance Financial
and Investment Services LLC (collectively, the “Subsidiaries”). Except for the Subsidiaries, none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank,
directly or indirectly, controls any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or other
business organization.
(xiv) The consolidated financial statements and the related schedules and notes  thereto included in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus present fairly the financial position of the Bank and its subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the results of
operations, retained earnings, equity and cash flows for the periods specified, and comply as to form with the applicable accounting
requirements of the Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations; except as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement and
Prospectus, said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
consistent basis; and the supporting schedules and tables included in the Registration Statement and Prospectus present fairly the
information required to be stated therein.  The other financial, statistical and pro forma information and related notes included in the
Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein on a basis consistent with the audited and unaudited financial statements
included in the Prospectus, and as to the pro forma adjustments, the adjustments made therein have been consistently applied on the
basis described therein.
(xv) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as
otherwise stated therein (A) there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or
prospects of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary
course of business, (B) except for transactions specifically referred to or contemplated in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, there
have been no transactions entered into by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, other than those in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, which are material with respect to the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as
one enterprise, (C) the capitalization, liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank conform in all
material respects to the descriptions contained in the Prospectus and none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank has any
material liabilities of any kind, contingent or otherwise, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and (D) none
of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank will have issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or
8contingent, or borrowed money, except borrowings in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice from the same or
similar sources and in similar amounts as indicated in the Prospectus.
(xvi) The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will be duly organized and
validly existing as a federal stock holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America with full corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  The Company, upon
completion of its formation, and in any event no later than the Closing Time will be duly qualified to transact business and in good
standing under the laws of the United States of America, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which
such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the
failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects
of the Company, the MHCs and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise (a “Material Adverse Effect”).
(xvii) Upon completion of the Offerings as described in the Prospectus, the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company
will be within the range as set forth in the Prospectus under “Capitalization” (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to
reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred to in the Prospectus).  The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (“Company Preferred Stock”). No
shares of Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock have been or will be issued prior to the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof.
At the date hereof and at the Closing Time, the Securities will have been duly authorized for issuance and, when issued and delivered by
the Company pursuant to the Plans against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plans and stated on the cover page
of the Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.  The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and
the other capital stock of the Company conform to all statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus.  The certificates
representing the shares of Common Stock will conform to the requirements of applicable law and regulations.  The issuance of the
Securities is not subject to preemptive or other similar rights, except for subscription rights granted pursuant to the Plans in accordance
with the OTS Regulations.
(xviii) The PA MHC has been duly organized and is validly existing as a mutual savings and loan holding company chartered
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to
conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and the PA MHC is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by
reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a
9Material Adverse Effect. The Federal MHC, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than the Closing Time will be duly
organized and validly existing as a federal mutual savings and loan holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of
America with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business as described in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby; and the Federal MHC is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the United
States of America, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by
reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.
(xix) The MHCs have no capital stock.  All holders of the savings, demand or other authorized accounts of the Bank are members
of the MHCs. As of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the MHCs will not own any equity securities or any equity interest in any
business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus.
(xx) The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing as a stock savings bank chartered under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to conduct its business
as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby; and the Bank is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(xxi) The authorized capital stock of the Bank is 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share (“Bank Common
Stock”), and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (“Bank Preferred Stock”), and the issued and outstanding capital
stock of the Bank is 3,442,383 shares of Bank Common Stock and zero shares of Bank Preferred Stock. No shares of Bank Preferred Stock
have been or will be issued prior to the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof.
The issued and outstanding shares of Bank Common Stock have been duly and validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable.  Shares of Bank Common Stock owned beneficially and of record by the PA MHC are owned free and clear of any security
interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim; the terms and provisions of the Bank Common Stock conform to
all statements relating thereto contained in the Prospectus, and the certificates representing the shares of the Bank Common Stock comply
with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations; and the issuance of the Bank Common Stock is not subject to preemptive or
similar rights; and there are no other warrants, options or rights of any kind to acquire additional shares of Bank Common Stock or any
shares of Bank Preferred Stock other than as disclosed in the Prospectus.
10(xxii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries have each obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental
authorizations currently required for the conduct of their respective businesses, or required for the conduct of their respective businesses
as contemplated by the Holding Company Application and the MHC Application, except where the failure to obtain such licenses, permits
or other governmental authorizations would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such licenses, permits and other governmental
authorizations are in full force and effect and the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects in
compliance therewith; none of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary has received notice of any proceeding or action
relating to the revocation or modification of any such license, permit or other governmental authorization which, singly or in the aggregate,
if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, might have a Material Adverse Effect.
(xxiii) Each Subsidiary has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation, has full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of
property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the activities of each
Subsidiary are permitted to subsidiaries of a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank and both a Pennsylvania-chartered and a federally-
chartered mutual holding company by the rules, regulations, resolutions and practices of the OTS, the FDIC and the Department; all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and nonassessable and
is owned by the Bank directly, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim; and
there are no warrants, options or rights of any kind to acquire shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary.
(xxiv) The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh; the deposit accounts of the Bank are
insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits. The Bank is a “qualified thrift lender” within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. Section 1467a(m).
(xxv) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank have taken all corporate action necessary for them to execute, deliver and perform
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by, and is the valid
and binding agreement of, the Company, the MHCS and the Bank, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except as
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and the availability of equitable remedies.
(xxvi) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Securities that has not been obtained and a copy of which has been delivered to the
Agent, except as may be required under the “Blue Sky” or securities laws of various jurisdictions.
11(xxvii) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of their respective certificate of
incorporation, organization certificate, articles of incorporation or charter, as the case may be, or bylaws or other written corporate
governance requirements or guidelines; and none of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is in default (nor has
any event occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) in the performance or observance of any
obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other
instrument to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or
to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, except for such defaults
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no contracts or documents of the Company,
the MHCs or the Bank which are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement, the Holding Company Application or the
MHC Application which have not been so filed.
(xxviii) The Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, and do not and will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank pursuant
to, any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is a
party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is
subject, except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect nor
will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the respective charter or bylaws of the Company, the MHCs  or the Bank, or any
applicable law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree.
(xxix) No labor dispute with the employees of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries, is imminent or threatened; and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank are not aware
of any existing or threatened labor disturbance by the employees of any of its principal suppliers or contractors which might be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(xxx) Each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of its properties and
assets for which ownership is material to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries and to those properties
and assets described in the Prospectus as owned by them, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except such as
are described in the Prospectus or are not material in relation to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries,
considered as one enterprise; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the
Subsidiaries under which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries hold properties, including those described in the
Prospectus, are valid and binding agreements of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries, in full force and effect, enforceable
in accordance with their terms except as
12may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and availability of equitable remedies.
(xxxi) None of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank is in violation of any order or directive from the OTS, the Commission or any
regulatory authority to make any material change in the method of conducting its respective businesses; the Company, the MHCs, the
Bank, and each of the Subsidiaries have conducted and are conducting their business so as to comply with all applicable statutes,
regulations and administrative and court decrees (including, without limitation, all regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the OTS,
the FDIC and the Commission). Neither the Company, the MHCs, the Bank nor any of the Subsidiaries is subject or is party to, or has
received any notice or advice that any of them may become subject or party to, any investigation with respect to any cease-and-desist
order, agreement, consent agreement, memorandum of understanding or other regulatory enforcement action, proceeding or order with or
by, or is a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any directive by, or has been a recipient of any
supervisory letter from, or has adopted any board resolutions at the request of, any Regulatory Agency (as defined below) that currently
restrict the conduct of their business or that in any manner relates to their capital adequacy, their credit policies, their management or their
business (each, a “Regulatory Agreement”), nor has the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries been advised by any
Regulatory Agency that it is considering issuing or requesting the issuance of any such Regulatory Agreement; and there is no
unresolved violation, criticism or exception by any Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examinations of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries which is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or
which might materially and adversely affect the properties or assets thereof or which might adversely affect the consummation of the
Offerings or the performance of this Agreement. As used herein, the term “Regulatory Agency” means any federal or state agency
charged with the supervision or regulation of depositary institutions or holding companies of depositary institutions, or engaged in the
insurance of depositary institution deposits, or any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental agency, authority
or instrumentality having supervisory or regulatory authority with respect to the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any of the Subsidiaries.
(xxxii) There is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now
pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, or the Bank, threatened, against or affecting the Company, the MHCs  or the
Bank which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement (other than as disclosed therein), or which might result in any material
adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank,
considered as one enterprise, or which might materially and adversely affect the properties or assets thereof, or which might adversely
affect the consummation of the Offerings, or the performance of this Agreement; all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which
the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is the subject which
are not described in the Registration Statement, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to their business, are considered in the
aggregate not material.
 
13(xxxiii) The Company, MHCs and the Bank have obtained (i) an opinion of their counsel, Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., with
respect to the legality of the Securities to be issued and certain federal income tax consequences of the Offerings and the Plans, and (ii)
the opinion of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. with respect to the certain state and local income tax consequences of the Offerings
and the Plans, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement; all material aspects of the aforesaid opinions are
accurately summarized in the Prospectus under “The Reorganization — Federal and State Tax Consequences,” the facts and
representations upon which such opinions are based are truthful, accurate and complete in all material respects; and neither the Company,
the MHCs, nor the Bank has taken or will take any action inconsistent therewith.
(xxxiv) The Company is not and, upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance and the application of the
net proceeds therefrom, will not be, required to be registered as an “investment company” as that term is defined under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.
(xxxv) All of the loans represented as assets on the most recent consolidated financial statements or consolidated selected
financial information of the Bank included in the Prospectus meet or are exempt from all requirements of federal, state or local law
pertaining to lending, including without limitation truth in lending (including the requirements of Regulations Z and 12 C.F.R. Part 226 and
Section 563.99), real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, equal credit opportunity and all disclosure laws applicable
to such loans, except for violations which, if asserted, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(xxxvi) To the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary, with the exception of the intended loan to
the Bank’s ESOP by the Company to enable the ESOP to purchase shares of the Common Stock, none of the Company, the MHCs, the
Bank or their employees has made any payment of funds of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank as a loan for the purchase of the
Common Stock or made any other payment of funds prohibited by law, and no funds have been set aside to be used for any payment
prohibited by law.
(xxxvii) Each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each of the Subsidiaries maintains a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
management’s general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
(xxxviii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary are in compliance with the applicable financial recordkeeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the rules and regulations
14thereunder. The Bank has established compliance programs and is in compliance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and all
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder.  The Bank is in compliance with the USA Patriot Act and all applicable regulations
promulgated thereunder, and there is no charge, investigation, action, suit or proceeding before any court, regulatory authority or
governmental agency or body pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, threatened regarding the
Bank’s compliance with the USA Patriot Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder.
(xxxix) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary nor any properties owned or operated by the Company, the
MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law (as defined below). There are no actions, suits
or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations (including, without limitation, notices, demand letters or requests for
information from any environmental agency) instituted or pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any
Subsidiary threatened, relating to the liability of any property owned or operated by the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary,
under any Environmental Law, except for such actions, suits or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  For purposes of this subsection, the term “Environmental Law”
means any federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization, approval, consent,
order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with any regulatory authority relating to (i) the protection, preservation or restoration of
the environment (including, without limitation, air, water, vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil, subsurface
soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation,
processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of any substance presently listed, defined, designated or classified as
hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, whether by type or by quantity, including any material containing any
such substance as a component.
(xl) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary have filed all federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns
required to be filed and have made timely payments of all taxes shown as due and payable in respect of such returns, and no deficiency
has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxing authority.  No tax deficiency has been asserted, and the Company, the MHCs and the
Bank have no knowledge of any tax deficiency which could be asserted against the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries.
(xli) The Company has received all approvals required to consummate the Offerings, and to have the Securities quoted on the
Nasdaq Global Market effective as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2 hereof.
(xlii) The Company has filed a registration statement for the Securities under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and such registration statement was declared effective concurrent with the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement.
15(xliii) There are no affiliations or associations (as such terms are defined by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
(“NASD”)) between any member of the NASD and any of the MHCs’, Company’s or Bank’s officers or directors.
(xliv) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering
such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value for their respective properties as is customary for
companies engaged in similar industries.
(xlv) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank have not relied on Agent or its counsel for any legal, tax or accounting advice in
connection with the Offerings.
(xlvi) The records of eligible account holders, supplemental eligible account holders, and other depositors are accurate and
complete in all material respects.
(xlvii) The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all presently applicable provisions of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder
(“ERISA”); no “reportable event” (as defined in ERISA) has occurred with respect to any “pension plan” (as defined in ERISA) for which
the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary, respectively, would have any liability; each of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank,
and each Subsidiary has not incurred and does not expect to incur liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or
withdrawal from, any “pension plan” or (ii) Sections 412 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the
regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the “Code”); and each “pension plan” for which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank
and any Subsidiary would have any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing
has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.
(xlviii) The Bank has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-14 and
15d-14 under the Exchange Act), which (i) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Bank, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to the Bank’s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities; and
(ii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. There are no significant deficiencies in
the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Bank’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report
financial data. There has been no fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the Bank’s internal controls. Since the date of the most recent evaluation of the Bank’s disclosure controls and procedures, there have
been no significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.
The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will have established and
maintained disclosure controls and procedures (as
16such term is defined in Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act), which (i) are designed to ensure that material information relating
to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s principal executive officer and its principal
financial officer by others within those entities; and (ii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were
established.
(xlix) The Company, upon completion of its formation, and in any event no later than Closing Time will be in compliance with the
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and the Nasdaq corporate
governance rules applicable to the Company, will use its best efforts to maintain such compliance and will use its best efforts to comply
with provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and Nasdaq corporate governance rules
that become effective in the future.
(l) Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary and delivered to either of the
Agent or counsel for the Agent shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank to the Agent as to
the matters covered thereby.
SECTION 2. APPOINTMENT OF SANDLER O’NEILL; SALE AND DELIVERY OF THE SECURITIES; CLOSING. On the basis of the
representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby appoints Sandler
O’Neill as its Agent to consult with and advise the Company, and to assist the Company with the solicitation of subscriptions and purchase orders
for Securities, in connection with the Company’s sale of Common Stock in the Offerings. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein
contained, and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, Sandler O’Neill accepts such appointment and agrees to use its best efforts to
assist the Company with the solicitation of subscriptions and purchase orders for Securities in accordance with this Agreement;  provided,
however, that the Agent shall not be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent with any applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders.
The services to be rendered by Sandler O’Neill pursuant to this appointment include the following:  (i) consulting as to the securities marketing
implications of any aspect of the Plans or related corporate documents; (ii) reviewing with the Board of Directors of the Company, the MHCs and
the Bank financial and securities marketing implications of the Appraiser’s appraisal of the Common Stock; (iii) reviewing all offering documents,
including the Prospectus, stock order forms and related offering materials (it being understood that preparation and filing of such documents is the
sole responsibility of the Company and the Bank and their counsel); (iv) assisting in the design and implementation of a marketing strategy for the
Offerings; (v) assisting management of the Company and the Bank in preparing for meetings with potential investors and broker-dealers; and (vi)
providing such other general advice and assistance regarding financial and marketing aspects of the Offering as may be requested to promote the
successful completion of the Offering.
The appointment of the Agent hereunder shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (a) forty-five (45) days after the last day of the
Subscription and Community Offering, unless
17the Company and the Agent agree in writing to extend such period and the OTS agrees to extend the period of time in which the Securities may be
sold, or (b) the receipt and acceptance of subscriptions and purchase orders for all of the Securities, or (c) the completion of the Syndicated
Community Offering.
If any of the Securities remain available after the expiration of the Subscription and Community Offering, at the request of the Company
and the Bank, Sandler O’Neill will seek to form a syndicate of registered brokers or dealers (“Selected Dealers”) to assist in the solicitation of
purchase orders of such Securities on a best efforts basis.  Sandler O’Neill will endeavor to limit the aggregate fees to be paid by the Company, the
MHCs and the Bank to an amount competitive with gross underwriting discounts charged at such time for underwritings of comparable amounts of
stock sold at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment; provided, however , that the aggregate fees payable to Sandler O’Neill
and Selected Dealers shall not exceed 6.0% of the aggregate dollar amount of the Securities sold in the Syndicated Community Offering by such
Selected Dealers. Sandler O’Neill will endeavor to distribute the Securities among the Selected Dealers in a fashion which best meets the
distribution objective of the Company and the Bank, which may result in limiting the allocation of stock to certain Selected Dealers.  It is understood
that in no event shall Sandler O’Neill be obligated to act as a Selected Dealer or to take or purchase any Securities.
If any of the Securities remain available after the expiration of the Offerings, the Company agrees to offer the Agent the first right to act as
lead managing underwriter for the Public Offering. The terms of the Public Offering will be set forth in a separate definitive purchase agreement in a
form satisfactory to Sandler O’Neill and containing customary representations, warranties, conditions, agreements and indemnities, which purchase
agreement, when executed, will supersede and replace this Agreement with respect to Securities sold thereunder (the “Purchase Agreement”).  This
Agreement is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, an agreement or commitment between the Company, the Bank and
Sandler O’Neill relating to the firm commitment underwriting of any securities, and Sandler O’Neill may, in its sole judgment and discretion,
determine at any time not to proceed with the proposed firm commitment underwriting. Such proposed underwriting will be subject, among other
things, to: (i) satisfactory completion by Sandler O’Neill of such due diligence investigation or inquiries as it may deem appropriate, (ii) market
conditions, which, in the sole judgment of Sandler O’Neill, shall be satisfactory, and (iii) the execution and delivery of a definitive Purchase
Agreement.
In the event the Company is unable to sell at least the total minimum of the Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus,
within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the
Securities the full amount which it may have received from them, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this
Agreement shall have any obligation to the others hereunder, except for the obligations of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank as set forth in
Sections 4, 6(a) and 7 hereof and the obligations of the Agent as provided in Sections 6(b) and 7 hereof.  Appropriate arrangements for placing the
funds received from subscriptions for Securities or other offers to purchase Securities in
18special interest-bearing accounts with the Bank until all Securities are sold and paid for were made prior to the commencement of the Subscription
Offering, with provision for refund to the purchasers as set forth above, or for delivery to the Company if all Securities are sold.
If at least the total minimum of Securities, as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, are sold, the Company agrees to issue or have
issued the Securities sold and to release for delivery certificates for such Securities at the Closing Time against payment therefor by release of
funds from the special interest-bearing accounts referred to above.  The closing shall be held at the offices of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., at
10:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, or at such other place and time as shall be agreed upon by the parties hereto, on a business day to be agreed
upon by the parties hereto.  The Company shall notify the Agent by telephone, confirmed in writing, when funds shall have been received for all the
Securities. Certificates for Securities shall be delivered directly to the purchasers thereof in accordance with their directions.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, certificates for Securities purchased through Selected Dealers shall be made available to the Agent for inspection at least 48 hours prior
to the Closing Time at such office as the Agent shall designate.  The hour and date upon which the Company shall release for delivery all of the
Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof, is herein called the “Closing Time.”
The Company will pay any stock issue and transfer taxes which may be payable with respect to the sale of the Securities.
In addition to the reimbursement of the expenses specified in Section 4 hereof, the Agent will receive the following compensation for its
services hereunder:
(a) One percent (1.00%) of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities sold in the Subscription and Community Offering,
excluding in each case shares purchased by (i) any employee benefit plan of the Company or the Bank established for the benefit of their
respective directors, officers and employees, and (ii) any director, officer or employee of the Company or the Bank or members of their
immediate families (which term shall mean parents, grandparents, spouse, siblings, children and grandchildren); and
(b) With respect to any Securities sold by a National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (“NASD”) member firm (other than
Sandler O’Neill) in the Syndicated Community Offering, (i) the compensation payable to Selected Dealers, (ii) any sponsoring dealer’s
fees; and (iii) a management fee to Sandler O’Neill of one percent (1.0 %) of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities sold in the
Syndicated Community Offering. Any fees payable to Sandler O’Neill for Securities sold by Sandler O’Neill under any such agreement
shall be limited to an aggregate of six percent (6.0 %) of the purchase price of the Securities sold by Sandler O’Neill and other NASD
member firms.
If this Agreement is terminated by the Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 9(a) hereof, no fee shall be payable by the
Company to Sandler O’Neill; provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse the Agent for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred prior to termination, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Agent in accordance with the provisions of
Section 4 hereof. In addition, the
19Company shall be obligated to pay the fees and expenses as contemplated by the provisions of Section 4 hereof in the event of any such
termination.
All fees payable to the Agent hereunder shall be payable in immediately available funds at Closing Time, or upon the termination of this
Agreement, as the case may be.  In recognition of the long lead times involved in the conversion process, the Bank agreed to make an advance
payment to the Agent in the amount of $25,000, all of which has been previously paid, which shall be credited against any fees or reimbursement of
expenses payable hereunder.  In the event that the advance payment exceeds the amount due in payment of fees and reimbursement of expenses
hereunder, the excess shall be refunded.
SECTION 3. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY, THE MHCS AND THE BANK. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank covenant with
the Agent as follows:
(a) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will prepare and file such amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement,
the Prospectus, the Holding Company Application, the MHC Application  and the Proxy Statement as may hereafter be required by the
Securities Act Regulations or the OTS Regulations or as may hereafter be requested by the Agent.  Following completion of the
Subscription and Community Offering, in the event of a Syndicated Community Offering, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will (i)
promptly prepare and file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the results of the
Subscription and Community Offering, any additional information with respect to the proposed plan of distribution and any revised
pricing information or (ii) if no such post-effective amendment is required, will file with the Commission a prospectus or prospectus
supplement containing information relating to the results of the Subscription and Community Offering and pricing information pursuant to
Rule 424 of the Securities Act Regulations, in either case in a form acceptable to the Agent.  The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will
notify the Agent immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) of the effectiveness of any post-effective amendment of the
Registration Statement, the filing of any supplement to the Prospectus and the filing of any amendment to the Plans, (ii) of the receipt of
any comments from the OTS or the Commission with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Plans, (iii) of any
request by the Commission or the OTS for any amendment to the Registration Statement or the Plans or any amendment or supplement to
the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the OTS of any order suspending the Offerings or the use of the
Prospectus or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, and (vi) of the receipt of any notice with
respect to the suspension of any qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction.  The Company, the MHCs and the
Bank will take all necessary action to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at
the earliest possible moment.
(b) The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent and the Agent represents and
agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the offered
Securities
20that would constitute an “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, or that would
constitute a “free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations, required to be filed with the Commission.
Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Agent is hereinafter referred to as a “Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus.”  The Company represents that it has and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations
applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping.
The Company need not treat any communication as a free writing prospectus if it is exempt from the definition of prospectus pursuant to
clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act without regard to Rule 172 or 173 of the Securities Act Regulations.
(c) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will give the Agent notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the
Plans or Registration Statement (including any post-effective amendment) or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus (including
any revised prospectus which the Company proposes for use in connection with the Syndicated Community Offering of the Securities
which differs from the prospectus on file at the Commission at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective, whether or not such
revised prospectus is required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations), will furnish the Agent with copies of
any such amendment or supplement a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file
any such amendment or supplement or use any such prospectus to which the Agent or counsel for the Agent may object.
(d) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will deliver to the Agent as many signed copies and as many conformed copies of the
Holding Company Application, the MHC Application and the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto
(including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein) as the Agent may reasonably request, and from time to time such
number of copies of the Prospectus as the Agent may reasonably request.
(e) During the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply, at their
own expense, with all requirements imposed upon them by the OTS, by the OTS Regulations, as from time to time in force, and by the
Nasdaq Global Market, the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M under the Exchange Act, so far as necessary to permit
the continuance of sales or dealing in shares of the Securities during such period in accordance with the provisions hereof and the
Prospectus.
(f) If any event or circumstance shall occur as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Agent, to amend
or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to make the Prospectus not misleading in the light of the circumstances
existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will forthwith amend or supplement the
Registration Statement or Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Agent) so that, as so amended or
21supplemented, the Registration Statement or Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser,
not misleading, and the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will furnish to the Agent a reasonable number of copies of such amendment or
supplement. For the purpose of this subsection, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will each furnish such information with respect to
itself as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
(g) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will take all necessary action, in cooperation with the Agent, to qualify the Securities
for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states of the United States and other jurisdictions as the OTS
Regulations may require and as the Agent and the Company have agreed;  provided, however , that none of the Company, the MHCs or the
Bank shall be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which
it is not so qualified. In each jurisdiction in which the Securities have been so qualified, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will file
such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect for a period of not
less than one year from the effective date of the Registration Statement.
(h) The Company authorizes Sandler O’Neill and any Selected Dealer to act as agent of the Company in distributing the
Prospectus to persons entitled to receive subscription rights and other persons to be offered Securities having record addresses in the
states or jurisdictions set forth in a survey of the securities or “blue sky” laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Offerings will be
made (the “Blue Sky Survey”).
(i) The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than 60 days after the
close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement covering a twelve month period beginning not later than the first day of the
Company’s fiscal quarter next following the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158 of the Securities Act
Regulations) that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act.
(j) During the period ending on the third anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the
transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to its stockholders as soon as practicable after the end of each such
fiscal year an annual report (including consolidated statements of financial condition and consolidated statements of income,
stockholders’ equity and cash flows, certified by independent public accountants) and, as soon as practicable after the end of each of the
first three quarters of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal quarter ending after the effective date of the Registration Statement), the
Company will make available to its stockholders consolidated summary financial information of the Company and the Bank for such
quarter in reasonable detail. In addition, such annual report and quarterly consolidated summary financial information shall be made public
through the issuance of appropriate press releases at the same time or prior to the time of the furnishing thereof to stockholders of the
Company.
22(k) During the period ending on the fifth anniversary of the expiration of the fiscal year during which the closing of the
transactions contemplated hereby occurs, the Company will furnish to the Agent (i) as soon as publicly available, a copy of each report or
other document of the Company furnished generally to stockholders of the Company or furnished to or filed with the Commission under
the Exchange Act or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed, and (ii) from
time to time, such other information concerning the Company as the Agent may reasonably request.
(l) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply, at their own expense, with all requirements imposed by the Commission,
the OTS and the Nasdaq Global Market, or pursuant to the applicable Securities Act Regulations, OTS Regulations and Nasdaq Global
Market Regulations, as from time to time in force.
(m) The Company will promptly inform the Agent upon its receipt of service with respect to any material litigation or
administrative action instituted with respect to the Offerings.
(n) Each of the Company and the Bank will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner
specified in the Prospectus under “Use of Proceeds.”
(o) The Company will report the use of proceeds from the Offerings on its first periodic report filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and
15(d) of the Exchange Act and on any subsequent periodic reports as may be required pursuant to Rule 463 of the Securities Act
Regulations.
(p) The Company will maintain the effectiveness of the Exchange Act Registration Statement for not less than three years and will
comply in all material respects with its filing obligations under the Exchange Act. The Company will use its best efforts to effect and
maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market and, once listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Company will
comply with all applicable corporate governance standards required by the Nasdaq Global Market.  The Company will file with the Nasdaq
Global Market all documents and notices required by the Nasdaq Global Market of companies that have issued securities that are traded in
the over-the-counter market and quotations for which are reported by the Nasdaq Global Market.
(q) The Company and the Bank will take such actions and furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent in
order for the Agent to ensure compliance with Rule 2790 of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
(r) Other than in connection with any employee benefit plan or arrangement described in the Prospectus, the Company will not,
without the prior written consent of the Agent, sell or issue, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, any shares of Common Stock other
than the Securities for a period of 180 days following the Closing Time.
23(s) During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the fifth anniversary of the Closing Time or the date
on which the Agent receives full payment in satisfaction of any claim for indemnification or contribution to which it may be entitled
pursuant to Sections 6 or 7, respectively, none of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank shall, without the prior written consent of the
Agent, take or permit to be taken any action that could result in the Bank Common Stock becoming subject to any security interest,
mortgage, pledge, lien or encumbrance.
(t) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will comply with the conditions imposed by or agreed to with the OTS in connection
with its approval of the Holding Company and the MHC Application including the Plans.
(u) During the period ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Time, the Bank will comply with all applicable laws and
regulations necessary for the Bank to continue to be a “qualified thrift lender” within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. Section 1467a(m).
(v) The Company shall not deliver the Securities until the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have satisfied each condition set
forth in Section 5 hereof, unless such condition is waived by the Agent.
(w) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will furnish to Sandler O’Neill as early as practicable prior to the Closing Date, but no
later than two (2) full business days prior thereto, a copy of the latest available unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the
Company which have been read by Deloitte & Touche LLP, as stated in their letters to be furnished pursuant to subsections (f) and (g) of
Section 5 hereof.
(x) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will conduct its business in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable federal and state laws, rules, regulations, decisions, directives and orders, including all decisions, directives and orders of the
Commission, the Nasdaq Global Market and the OTS.
(y) The Bank will not amend the Plans in any manner that would affect the sale of the Securities or the terms of this Agreement
without the consent of the Agent.
(z) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will not, prior to the Closing Time, incur any liability or obligation, direct or contingent,
or enter into any material transaction, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, except as contemplated
by the Prospectus.
(aa) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will use all reasonable efforts to comply with, or cause to be complied with, the
conditions precedent to the several obligations of the Agent specified in Section 5 hereof.
(bb) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will provide the Agent with any information necessary to carry out the allocation of
the Securities in the event of an oversubscription, and such information will be accurate and reliable in all material respects.
24(cc) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank will notify the Agent when funds have been received for the minimum number of
Securities set forth in the Prospectus.
(dd) At the Closing Time, (i) the Company, the MHCs and the Bank will have completed the conditions precedent to the Offerings
in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS Regulations and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all
material terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the
Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the Commission, the OTS or any other regulatory authority or Blue Sky authority, and will comply
with those which the regulatory authority permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance; and (ii) the
Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance will have been effected in the manner described in the Prospectus and in accordance with
the Plans, the OTS Regulations and all other applicable material laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including in compliance with all
terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC or any other regulatory or Blue Sky authority.
SECTION 4. PAYMENT OF EXPENSES. The Company, the MHCs and the Bank jointly and severally agree to pay all expenses incident to
the performance of their obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the cost of obtaining all securities and bank regulatory
approvals, (ii) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement and the Plans as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (iii)
the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities purchased in the Offerings, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the
Company’s, the MHCs’s and the Bank’s counsel, conversion  agent, accountants, appraiser and other advisors, (v) the qualification of the
Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the fees and disbursements of
counsel in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation of the Blue Sky Survey, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Agent of
copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto and the printing and delivery of the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto to the purchasers in the Offerings and the Agent (in such quantities as the Agent shall reasonably request),
(vii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of a Blue Sky Survey, and (viii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of
the Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market.  In the event the Agent incurs any such fees and expenses on behalf of the Company, the MHCs or the
Bank, the Bank will reimburse the Agent for such fees and expenses whether or not the Offerings are consummated;  provided, however, that the
Agent shall not incur any substantial expenses on behalf of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank pursuant to this Section without the prior
approval of the Bank.
The Company, the MHCs and the Bank jointly and severally agree to pay certain expenses incident to the performance of the Agent’s
obligations under this Agreement, regardless of whether the Offerings are consummated, including (i) the filing fees paid or incurred by the Agent
in connection with all filings with the NASD, and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent relating to the Offerings,
including without limitation, fees and expenses of the Agent’s counsel, advertising, promotional, syndication
25and travel expenses. All fees and expenses to which the Agent is entitled to reimbursement under this paragraph of this Section 4 shall be due and
payable upon receipt by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank of a written accounting therefor setting forth in reasonable detail the expenses
incurred by the Agent.
SECTION 5. CONDITIONS OF AGENT’S OBLIGATIONS. The Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Agent agree that the issuance
and the sale of Securities and all obligations of the Agent hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank herein contained as of the date hereof and the Closing Time, to the accuracy of the statements of officers and
directors of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company, the MHCs and the
Bank of their obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:
(a) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act or
proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the Commission, no order suspending the Offerings or authorization for final use of the
Prospectus shall have been issued or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the Commission or the OTS, and no order
suspending the sale of the Securities in any jurisdiction shall have been issued.
(b) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received:
(1) The favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P., counsel for the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Agent, to the effect that:
(i) The Company, at the Closing Time, will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal stock
holding company chartered under the laws of the United States of America; the Federal MHC, at the Closing
Time, will be duly organized and validly existing as a federal mutual holding company chartered under the laws
of the United States of America; the PA MHC has been duly organized and is validly existing as a mutual
holding company chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; the Bank has been duly
organized and is validly existing as a stock savings bank chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania.
(ii) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank has full corporate power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.
26(iii) Each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank is duly qualified as a domestic or foreign
corporation to transact business and is in good standing under the laws of the United States of America, in the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether
by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so
qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(iv) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, and no capital stock of the Company has been
issued prior to the Closing Time; upon consummation of the Offerings, the authorized issued and outstanding
capital stock of the Company will be within the range set forth in the Prospectus under “Capitalization”.
(v) The authorized capital stock of the Bank consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, and the issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Bank is 3,441,383 shares of common stock, all of which are owned beneficially
and of record by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or
legal or equitable claim. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank has been duly authorized,
validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable and has been issued in compliance with all federal and state
securities laws.
(vi) The Securities have been duly and validly authorized for issuance and sale; the Securities, when
issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plans against payment of the consideration calculated as
set forth in the Plans, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.
(vii) The issuance of the Securities is not subject to preemptive or other similar rights arising by
operation of the law or, to counsel’s knowledge after due inquiry, otherwise, except for subscription rights
granted pursuant to the Plans.
(viii) The issuance of the Securities is in compliance with all conditions imposed upon the Company,
the MHCs and the Bank by the OTS under the terms of their written approval or notice of intention not to
object, as applicable.
27(ix) Each of the Company and the MHCs is registered as a savings and loan holding company under
the Home Owners Loan Act.
(x) The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the
deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits.
(xi) Each Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and each of the Subsidiaries has full corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the
Registration Statement and Prospectus, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and
is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the
ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not
have a Material Adverse Effect; the activities of each Subsidiary are permitted to subsidiaries of a
Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank, in the case of the Bank, and a federally chartered stock holding
company, in the case of the Company, by the rules, regulations, resolutions and practices of the OTS, the
Department and the FDIC; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly
authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the MHCs or the Bank, as the
case may be, directly, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, or legal or
equitable claim.
(xii) The OTS has duly approved the Holding Company Application and the MHC Application,
including the Plans; the FDIC has duly approved the Bank Merger Application; the Department has duly
approved the Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank and the Application for Approval to Merge
or Consolidate; such approvals remains in full force and effect and no action is pending, or to the best of such
counsel’s knowledge, threatened respecting such approvals or the Plans. Such approvals remain in full force
and effect and no action is pending, or to such counsel’s knowledge, threatened respecting the approvals or
the Plans; the Holding Company Application, the MHC Application, the Bank Merger Application, the
Application for Approval to Acquire a Savings Bank and the Application for Approval to Merge or
Consolidate and the Plans comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
OTS, the FDIC and the Department, as applicable, include all documents required to be filed as exhibits thereto,
and are, to such counsel’s knowledge, truthful, accurate and
28complete (other than the financial statements, notes to financial statements and tabular, statistical and appraisal
data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered) and the Company is duly authorized to own all
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank.
(xiii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the incurrence of the obligations herein set forth,
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (A) have been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary action on the part of each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, and this Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnity and contribution hereunder may be
limited under applicable law (it being understood that such counsel may avail itself of customary exceptions
concerning the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws and the availability of equitable remedies); (B)
will not result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, reorganization certificate,
articles of incorporation or charter, as the case may be, or bylaws of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any
Subsidiary; and, (C) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, and no event has occurred
which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or result in the creation or
imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance, that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect upon any property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank
or the Subsidiaries pursuant to any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other
instrument to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them
may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the
Subsidiaries is subject.
(xiv) The Prospectus and the Proxy Statement have been duly authorized by the OTS for final use
pursuant to the OTS Regulations and no action has been taken or is pending, or to the best of such counsel’s
knowledge after due inquiry, is threatened, by the OTS to revoke such authorization.
(xv) The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act or, proceedings
therefor initiated or, to the best of such counsel’s knowledge, threatened by the Commission.
29(xvi) No further approval, authorization, consent or other order of any public board or body is required
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of the Securities and the
consummation of the Plans, except as may be required under the securities or “Blue Sky” laws of various
jurisdictions as to which no opinion need be rendered.
(xvii) At the time the Registration Statement became effective, the Registration Statement (other than
the financial statements and statistical data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered)
complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act
Regulations and the OTS Regulations.
(xviii) The Common Stock conforms to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus, and the
form of certificate used to evidence the Common Stock is in due and proper form and complies with all
applicable statutory requirements.
(xix) There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened against or affecting the
Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries which are required, individually or in the aggregate, to be
disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, other than those disclosed therein, and all pending
legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank or any Subsidiary is a party or
to which any of their property is subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, including
ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material.
(xx) The information in the Prospectus under “Risk Factors,” “We Intend to Continue to Pay Quarterly
Cash Dividends,” “Regulation,” “Taxation,” “The Offering,” “The Reorganization,” “Restrictions on
Acquisition of Alliance Bancorp and Alliance Bank and Related Anti-Takeover Provisions” “Description of
Alliance Bancorp Capital Stock,” and “Legal and Tax Opinions” to the extent that it constitutes matters of law,
summaries of legal matters, documents or proceedings, or legal conclusions, has been reviewed by them and is
complete and accurate in all material respects.
(xxi) There are no contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other
instruments required to be described or referred to in the Registration Statement and Prospectus or to be filed
as exhibits thereto other than those described or referred to therein or filed as exhibits thereto and the
descriptions thereof or references thereto are correct, and no default exists, and no event has
30occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default, in the due performance or
observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture,
mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument so described, referred to or filed.
(xxii) The approvals of the OTS, the FDIC and the Department of the Plans and the actions
contemplated thereunder remain in full force and effect, and the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization has
been approved by the requisite vote of the Bank’s stockholders; the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have
conducted the Offerings in all material respects in accordance with applicable requirements of the OTS
Regulations, the Plans and all other applicable regulations, decisions and orders thereunder, including all
material applicable terms, conditions, requirements and conditions precedent to the Offerings imposed upon
the Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the OTS and, no order has been issued by the OTS to suspend the
Offerings and no action for such purpose has been instituted or threatened by the OTS; and, to the best of
such counsel’s knowledge after due inquiry, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the
OTS, the Department or the FDIC in approving the Plans and the actions contemplated thereunder.
(xxiii) To the best of such counsel’s knowledge after due inquiry, the Company, the MHCs and the
Bank have obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental approvals and authorizations currently
required for the conduct of their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and
Prospectus, and all such licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations are in full force and effect,
and the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects complying therewith.
(xxiv) (A) None of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, or any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of their
respective certificates of incorporation, organization certificate, articles of incorporation or charter, as the case
may be, or bylaws and (B) to the best of such counsel’s knowledge, the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the
Subsidiaries are not in default (nor has any event occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default) in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition
contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the
Company, the MHCs, the Bank or the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company, the MHCs, the Bank,
the Subsidiaries or any of their property may be bound.
31(xxv) The Company is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
(xxvi) The Company is not and, upon completion of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance
and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, will not be required to be registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
(2) The favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC, counsel for the Agent, with
respect to the matters set forth in Section 5(b)(1)(i), (iv), (v), (vi), (ix), (xi), (xiv) and (xvi) and such other matters as the
Agent may reasonably require.
(3) In addition to giving their opinions required by subsections (b)(l) and (b)(2), respectively, of this Section,
Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC shall each additionally state that nothing has come to
their attention that would lead them to believe that the Registration Statement (except for financial statements and
schedules and other financial or statistical data included therein, as to which counsel need make no statement), at the time
it became effective, or that the General Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time, contained an untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading or that the Prospectus (except for financial statements and schedules and other financial or statistical data
included therein, as to which counsel need make no statement), at the time the Registration Statement became effective or
at Closing Time, included or includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.
In giving their opinions, Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC may rely as to matters of fact on certificates of
officers and directors of the Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries and certificates of public officials, and Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC
may also rely on the opinion of Elias, Matz, Tiernan & Herrick L.L.P. with respect to matters set forth in paragraphs (i), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix),
(xi), (xiii), (xiv), (xv), (xvi) and (xvii).
(c) At Closing Time referred to in Section 2, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank shall have completed in all material respects
the conditions precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance in accordance with the Plans, the applicable OTS
Regulations and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions
precedent to the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance imposed upon the Company, the MHCs or the Bank by the OTS, or any
other regulatory authority other than those which the OTS permits to be completed after the Reorganization and Additional Stock
Issuance.
(d) At Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is
given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
32any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs, the
Bank and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and the Agent shall have received a certificate of the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of
the Bank and the chief financial or chief accounting officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank, dated as of Closing Time, to the
effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change, (ii) there shall have been no material transaction entered into by the
Company, the MHCs or the Bank from the latest date as of which the financial condition of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, as set
forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus other than transactions referred to or contemplated therein and transactions in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (iii) neither the Company, the MHCs nor the Bank shall have received from the
OTS any order or direction (oral or written) to make any material change in the method of conducting its business with which it has not
complied (which order or direction, if any, shall have been disclosed in writing to the Agent) or which materially and adversely would
affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, considered as one
enterprise, (iv) the representations and warranties in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though
expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (v) each of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank have complied with all agreements and
satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time, (vi) no stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been initiated or threatened by the
Commission, and (vii) no order suspending the Subscription and Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering or the
authorization for final use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been initiated or threatened by the
OTS and no person has sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the action of the OTS in approving the Plans in accordance with
the OTS Regulations nor has any person sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the action of the OTS in approving the Plans.
(e) At the Closing Time, the Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company,
of the MHCs and of the Bank and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, of the MHCs and of the Bank, dated as of Closing Time, to
the effect that (i) they have reviewed the contents of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (ii) based on each of their knowledge,
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading; and (iii) based on each of their knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus fairly present the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank and the Subsidiaries as of and for
the dates and periods covered by  the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
(f) At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Agent shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter dated such
date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, to the effect that: (i) they are independent public accountants with respect to the
Company, the MHCs, the Bank and the Subsidiaries within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the AICPA, the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations and the OTS Regulations, the y are registered with the PCAOB, and they are not in violation of the auditor
independence requirements of the
33Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) it is their opinion that the consolidated financial statements and supporting schedules included in the
Registration Statement and covered by their opinions therein comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting
requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations; (iii) based upon limited procedures as agreed upon by the Agent
and Deloitte & Touche LLP set forth in detail in such letter, nothing has come to their attention which causes them to believe that (A) the
unaudited consolidated financial statements and supporting schedules of the Company included in the Registration Statement do not
comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations
and the OTS Regulations or are not presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis substantially
consistent with that of the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (B) the
unaudited amounts of net interest income and net income set forth under “Selected Financial and Other Data” in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus do not agree with the amounts set forth in unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the dates
and periods presented under such captions or such amounts were not determined on a basis substantially consistent with that used in
determining the corresponding amounts in the audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, (C) at a specified date
not more than five (5) business days prior to the date of this Agreement, there has been any increase in the consolidated long-term or
short-term debt of the Company or any decrease in consolidated total assets, the allowance for loan losses, total deposits or net worth of
the Company, in each case as compared with the amounts shown in the consolidated statements of financial conditions included in the
Registration Statement or, (D) during the period from January 1, 2006 to a specified date not more than five (5) business days prior to the
date of this Agreement, there were any decreases, as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, in total interest
income, net interest income, net interest income after provision for loan losses, income before income tax expense or net income of the
Company, except in all instances for increases or decreases which the Registration Statement and the Prospectus disclose have occurred
or may occur; and (iv) in addition to the examination referred to in their opinions and the limited procedures referred to in clause (iii) above,
they have carried out certain specified procedures, not constituting an audit, with respect to certain amounts, percentages and financial
information which are included in the Registration Statement and Prospectus and which are specified by the Agent, and have found such
amounts, percentages and financial information to be in agreement with the relevant accounting, financial and other records of the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank identified in such letter.
(g) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect
that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section, except that the specified date
referred to shall be a date not more than five (5) days prior to Closing Time.
(h) At Closing Time, the Securities shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Market upon notice of issuance.
(i) At Closing Time, the Agent shall have received a letter from the Appraiser, dated as of the Closing Time, confirming its
appraisal.
34(j) At Closing Time, counsel for the Agent shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for
the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and related proceedings, or in
order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained;
and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be
satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and counsel for the Agent.
(k) At any time prior to Closing Time, (i) there shall not have occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the
United States or elsewhere or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which, in the
judgment of the Agent, is so material and adverse as to make it impracticable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts, including
subscriptions or orders, for the sale of the Securities, and (ii) trading generally on either the American Stock Exchange, the New York Stock
Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market shall not have been suspended, and minimum or maximum prices for trading shall not have been
fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required, by either of said Exchanges or by order of the Commission or any
other governmental authority, and a banking moratorium shall not have been declared by either Federal, Pennsylvania or New York
authorities.
35SECTION 6. INDEMNIFICATION.
(a) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, each person, if
any, who controls the Agent, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and its respective
partners, directors, officers, employees and agents as follows:
(i) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, related to or arising
out of the Offerings or any action taken by the Agent where acting as agent of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank or otherwise
as described in Section 2 hereof;
(ii) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, based upon or arising
out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any
amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, or
the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(iii) from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the
aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body,
commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, if such settlement is effected with the
written consent of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and
(iv) from and against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including, subject to Section 6(c) hereof, the fees and
disbursements of counsel chosen by the Agent), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any
litigation, or any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any
claim pending or threatened whatsoever described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, to the extent that any such expense is not paid
under clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above;
provided, however , that the indemnification provided for in this paragraph (a) shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or
expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus,  or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading which was made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information.
36(b) The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the MHCs and the Bank, their directors, each of their officers
who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity
contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue
statements or omissions, of a material fact made in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer-Represented
Free Writing Prospectus, in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information.
(c) Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action
commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not
relieve such indemnifying party from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. An
indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be
liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to no more than one local counsel in each separate jurisdiction in which
any action or proceeding is commenced) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or
separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances.
(d) The Company, the MHCs and the Bank also agree that the Agent shall not have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in
contract or tort or otherwise) to the MHCs and its members, the Bank, the Company’s, the MHCs’s or the Bank’s creditors relating to or
arising out of the engagement of the Agent pursuant to, or the performance by the Agent of the services contemplated by, this
Agreement.
(e) In addition to, and without limiting, the provisions of Section (6)(a)(iv) hereof, in the event that the Agent, any person, if any,
who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or any of its partners,
directors, officers, employees or agents is requested or required to appear as a witness or otherwise gives testimony in any action,
proceeding, investigation or inquiry brought by or on behalf of or against the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, the Agent or any of its
respective affiliates or any participant in the transactions contemplated hereby in which the Agent or such person or agent is not named
as a defendant, the Company, the MHCs, and the Bank, jointly and severally, agree to reimburse the Agent and its partners, directors,
officers, employees or agents for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with preparing or
appearing as a witness or otherwise giving testimony and to compensate the Agent and its partners, directors, officers, employees or
agents in an amount to be mutually agreed upon.
SECTION 7. CONTRIBUTION. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity agreement
provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason held to be unenforceable by the indemnified parties although applicable in accordance with its
terms, the Company, the MHCs, the Bank, and the Agent shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the
nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company, the MHCs or the Bank and the Agent, as incurred, in such proportions
(i) that the Agent is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that the maximum aggregate
37marketing fees appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the maximum aggregate gross proceeds appearing thereon and the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank are jointly and severally responsible for the balance or (ii) if, but only if, the allocation provided for in clause (i)
is for any reason held unenforceable, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits to the Company, the MHCs and
the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other, as reflected in clause (i), but also the relative fault of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank
on the one hand and the Agent on the other, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations;  provided, however , that no person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Agent, and each director of the
Company, the MHCs and the Bank, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the
Company, the MHCs or the Bank within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same
rights to contribution as the Company, the MHCs and the Bank.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, in no event shall the Agent be required to contribute an aggregate amount in excess of the aggregate marketing fees to which the
Agent is entitled and actually paid pursuant to this Agreement.
SECTION 8. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS TO SURVIVE DELIVERY. All representations, warranties and
agreements contained in this Agreement, or contained in certificates of officers of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank submitted pursuant hereto,
shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or any controlling person, or
by or on behalf of the Company, and shall survive delivery of the Securities.
SECTION 9. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.
(a) The Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing Time (i) if there has been, since
the date of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, any material adverse change
in the financial condition, results of operations, business affairs or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank, considered as one enterprise,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the
United States or elsewhere or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which, in the judgment of the
Agent, is so material and adverse as to make it impracticable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts, including subscriptions or orders, for
the sale of the Securities, (iii) if trading generally on the Nasdaq Global Market, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange has
been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required, by
either of said Exchanges or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority, or if a banking moratorium has been declared by either
Federal, Pennsylvania or New York authorities, (iv) if any condition specified in Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be
fulfilled; (v) if there shall have been such material adverse changes in the condition or prospects of the Company, the MHCs or the Bank or the
prospective market for the Company’s Securities as in the Agent’s
38good faith opinion would make it inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities; (vi) if, in the Agent’s good faith
opinion, the price for the Securities established by the Appraiser is not reasonable or equitable under then prevailing market conditions, or (vii) if
the Offerings are not consummated on or prior to June 30, 2007.
(b) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party
except as provided in Sections 2 and 4 hereof relating to the reimbursement of expenses and except that the provisions of Sections 6 and 7 hereof
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
SECTION 10. NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Agent shall be directed to the Agent at 919 Third Avenue,
6  Floor, New York, New York 10022, attention of General Counsel, with a copy to Malizia Spidi & Fisch, PC at 901 New York Avenue, N.W., Suite
210 East, Washington, DC 20001; notices to the Company, the MHCs and the Bank shall be directed to any of them at 541 Lawrence Road, Broomall,
Pennsylvania 19008.
SECTION 11. PARTIES. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the
Bank and their respective successors.  Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm
or corporation, other than the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank and their respective successors and the controlling persons and the
partners, officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained.  This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof and
thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Agent, the Company, the MHCs and the Bank and their respective successors,
and said controlling persons, partners, officers and directors and their heirs, partners, legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person,
firm or corporation.
SECTION 12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto with
reference to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements heretofore made, except for the
engagement letter dated May 11, 2006, by and between the Agent and the Bank, relating to the Agent’s providing conversion agent services to the
Company and the Bank. No waiver, amendment or other modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the
parties hereto.
SECTION 13. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said State without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Unless otherwise noted, specified times of day refer to Eastern time.
SECTION 14. SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms
and provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
39
thprovisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.  If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.
SECTION 15. HEADINGS. Sections headings are not to be considered part of this Agreement, are for convenience and reference only,
and are not to be deemed to be full or accurate descriptions of the contents of any paragraph or subparagraph.
[The next page is the signature page]
 
 
40If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof,
whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Agent on the one hand, and the Company,
the MHCs and the Bank on the other in accordance with its terms.
 
Very truly yours,
         
   
Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania
         
   
By:
   
   
Name:
 
 
   
Title:
   
         
         
   
Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank
   
d/b/a Alliance Bank
         
   
By:
   
   
Name:
 
 
   
Title:
   
         
         
   
Greater Delaware Valley Holdings, A Mutual Company
         
   
By:
   
   
Name:
 
 
   
Title:
   
         
         
   
Alliance Mutual Holding Company
         
   
By:
   
   
Name:
 
 
   
Title:
   
 
CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,
       
as of the date first above written:
       
             
SANDLER O’NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P.
       
             
By:
 
Sandler O’Neill & Partners Corp.,
the sole general partner
       
             
             
By:
           
   
Name:
       
   
Title:ALAMOGORDO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                1,101,643 Shares
                                  COMMON STOCK
                           (Par Value $.0l Per Share)
                       Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share
                                AGENCY AGREEMENT
                              ___________ __, 2000
Charles Webb & Company,
a Division of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
211 Bradenton Avenue
Dublin, Ohio 43017
Ladies and Gentlemen:
         Alamogordo   Financial   Corporation,   a  federal   corporation   (the
"Company"), AF Mutual Holding Company (the "MHC") and Alamogordo Federal Savings
and Loan Association,  a federally  chartered stock savings and loan association
(the  "Bank")  with its  deposit  accounts  insured by the  Savings  Association
Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")   administered  by  the  Federal   Deposit   Insurance
Corporation  ("FDIC"),  hereby confirm,  jointly and severally,  their agreement
with Charles Webb & Company,  a Division of Keefe,  Bruyette & Woods,  Inc. (the
"Agent"), as follows:
         Section 1. The  Offering.  In accordance  with the Stock  Issuance Plan
adopted by its Board of Directors (the "Plan"),  the Company will offer and sell
up to  1,101,643  shares of its common  stock,  par  value,  $.01 per share (the
"Shares" or "Common  Stock"),  in a  subscription  offering  (the  "Subscription
Offering") to (1) depositors of the Bank with account balances of $50.00 or more
as of September 30, 1998 ("Eligible  Account  Holders"),  (2) the Employee Stock
Ownership Plan of the Bank (the "ESOP"), (3) depositors of the Bank with account
balances  of $50.00 or more as of  December  31,  1999  ("Supplemental  Eligible
Account Holders"), and (4) employees, officers and directors of the Bank. To the
extent  Shares  remain  unsold in the  Subscription  Offering,  the  Company  is
offering for sale in a community  offering  (the  "Community  Offering" and when
referred to together  with the  Subscription  Offering,  the  "Subscription  and
Community  Offering")  the  Shares  not  so  subscribed  for or  ordered  in the
Subscription Offering to members of the general public, with preference given to
natural persons residing in the New Mexico counties of Otero and Lincoln
("Other Subscribers"),  (all such offerees being referred to in the aggregate as
"Eligible  Offerees").  It is anticipated  that shares not subscribed for in the
Subscription  and Community  Offering will be offered to certain  members of the
general  public on a best efforts basis through a selected  dealers  arrangement
(the "Syndicated  Community  Offering") (the  Subscription  Offering,  Community
Offering and Syndicated  Community Offering are collectively  referred to as the
"Offering").  It is acknowledged  that the purchase of Shares in the Offering is
subject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as described in the Plan
and that the Company and the Bank may  reject,  in whole or in part,  any orders
received in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering. The Company
will  issue the Shares at a  purchase  price of $10.00 per share (the  "Purchase
Price").
         The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the
"Commission")  a  registration  statement  on Form  S-1  (File  No.  333- ) (the
"Registration  Statement")  containing a prospectus relating to the Offering for
the  registration  of the  Shares  under the  Securities  Act of 1933 (the "1933
Act"),  and has filed such amendments  thereof and such amended  prospectuses as
may have been  required to the date hereof.  The term  "Registration  Statement"
shall  include  all  exhibits  thereto,  as  amended,  including  post-effective
amendments.  The prospectus, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time
the Registration  Statement initially became effective is hereinafter called the
"Prospectus,"  except that if any Prospectus is filed by the Company pursuant to
Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933
Act (the "1933 Act  Regulations")  differing  from the prospectus on file at the
time  the  Registration   Statement   initially  becomes  effective,   the  term
"Prospectus"  shall refer to the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c)
from and after the time said prospectus is filed with the Commission.
         In accordance  with Title 12, Parts 575 and 563b of the Code of Federal
Regulations  (the "MHC  Regulations"),  the Company has filed with the Office of
Thrift  Supervision (the "OTS") an Application on Form MHC-2 with respect to the
stock  issuance  (the  "MHC  Application"),  including  the  Prospectus  and the
Valuation  Appraisal Report prepared by RP Financial,  LC (the  "Appraisal") and
has filed such amendments  thereto as may have been required by the OTS. The MHC
Application  has been  approved by the OTS and the related  Prospectus  has been
authorized for use by the OTS.Section 2. Retention of Agent;  Compensation;  Sale and Delivery of the
Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions  herein set forth,  the Company and
the Bank have retained the Agent to consult with and to advise the Bank, the MHC
and the Company,  and to assist the Company,  on a best  efforts  basis,  in the
distribution  of the shares of Common Stock in the  Offering.  The services that
the  Agent  will  provide  include,  but are not  limited  to (i)  training  the
employees  of the Bank who will  perform  certain  ministerial  functions in the
Subscription  and Community  Offering  regarding  the  mechanics and  regulatory
requirements of the stock offering process,  (ii) managing the Stock Information
Center by assisting  interested stock  subscribers and by keeping records of all
stock orders and (iii) preparing marketing materials.
                                        2
         On the basis of the representations,  warranties, and agreements herein
contained,  but subject to the terms and conditions  herein set forth, the Agent
accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and advise the Company,  the
MHC and the Bank as to the  matters set forth in the letter  agreement  ("Letter
Agreement"),  dated  November 29, 1999 between the Company and the Agent (a copy
of which is attached  hereto as Exhibit A). It is  acknowledged  by the Company,
the MHC and the Bank that the Agent  shall not be  required  to take or purchase
any Shares or be  obligated to take any action  which is  inconsistent  with all
applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders.
         The  obligations of the Agent  pursuant to this  Agreement  (other than
those set forth in  Sections  2(d),  8 and 9 hereof)  shall  terminate  upon the
completion  or  termination  or  abandonment  of the Plan by the Company or upon
termination  of the  Offering,  but in no event  later  than the date  (the "End
Date") which is 45 days after the Closing  Date (as  hereinafter  defined).  All
fees or  expenses  due to the Agent but  unpaid  will be payable to the Agent in
next day funds at the earlier of the Closing  Date (as  hereinafter  defined) or
the End Date.  In the event the  Offering is extended  beyond the End Date,  the
Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent may agree to renew this Agreement under
mutually acceptable terms.
         In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 708,050  Shares
within the period  herein  provided,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate  and the
Company shall refund to any persons who have  subscribed  for any of the Shares,
the full amount which it may have  received  from them plus accrued  interest as
set forth in the  Prospectus;  and none of the parties to this  Agreement  shall
have any obligation to the other parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this
Section 2 and in Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof.
         In the event the Offering is terminated,  the Agent shall be reimbursed
for its actual accountable out-of-pocket expenses.
         If all  conditions  precedent  to  the  consummation  of the  Offering,
including, without limitation, the sale of all Shares required by the Plan to be
sold, are satisfied,  the Company  agrees to issue,  or have issued,  the Shares
sold in the Offering and to release for delivery certificates for such Shares on
the Closing Date (as hereinafter  defined) against payment to the Company by any
means authorized by the Plan; provided, however, that no funds shall be released
to the Company  until the  conditions  specified  in Section 7 hereof shall have
been  complied  with to the  reasonable  satisfaction  of the  Agent  and  their
counsel.  The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be made on a date
and at a place  acceptable  to the  Company,  the MHC,  the Bank and the  Agent.
Certificates  for  shares  shall be  delivered  directly  to the  purchasers  in
accordance with their directions.  The date upon which the Company shall release
or deliver the Shares sold in the Offering, in accordance with the terms herein,
is called the "Closing Date."
         The Agent shall  receive the  following  compensation  for its services
hereunder:
                                        3
          (a)  A  management  fee of $25,000,  payable in four  installments  of
               $6,250 on  November 29 and  December  29, 1999 and January 29 and
               February 29,  2000.  Should the  Offering be  terminated  for any
               reason not  attributable  to the action or inaction of the Agent,
               the Agent  shall  have  earned  and be  entitled  to be paid fees
               accruing through the stage at which the termination occurred.
          (b)  A Success Fee of $75,000.
          (c)  If any of the shares remain  available after the Subscription and
               Community  Offerings,  at the request of the Bank, the Agent will
               seek to form a syndicate of registered  broker-dealers  to assist
               in the sale of such Common Stock on a best efforts basis, subject
               to the terms and  conditions  set forth in the  selected  dealers
               agreement. the Agent will endeavor to distribute the Common Stock
               among  dealers in a fashion  which  best  meets the  distribution
               objectives of the Bank and the Plan. the Agent will be paid a fee
               not to exceed 5.5% of the aggregate  Purchase Price of the Shares
               sold by them.  the Agent will pass onto selected  broker-dealers,who assist in the  syndicated  community,  an amount  competitive
               with  gross  underwriting  discounts  changed  at such  time  for
               comparable  amounts of stock sold at a comparable price per share
               in a similar market  environment.  Fees with respect to purchases
               affected with the  assistance of a  broker/dealer  other than the
               Agent shall be  transmitted  by the Agent to such  broker/dealer.
               The decision to utilize selected  broker-dealers  will be made by
               the Bank upon  consultation  with the Agent.  In the event,  with
               respect to any  purchases  of Shares,  fees are paid  pursuant to
               this subparagraph 2(c), such fees shall be in lieu of, and not in
               addition to, payment pursuant to subparagraph 2(a) and 2(b).
          (d)  The Company  will bear those  expenses of the  proposed  offering
               customarily  borne by  issuers,  including,  without  limitation,
               regulatory   filing  fees,   "Blue  Sky,"  and  NASD  filing  and
               registration  fees;  the  fees  of  the  Company's   accountants,
               attorneys,  appraiser,  transfer agent and  registrar,  printing,
               mailing and marketing and syndicate expenses  associated with the
               Offering;  the fees set  forth in  Section  2; and fees for "Blue
               Sky" legal work.  If the Agent  incurs  expenses on behalf of the
               Company, the Company will reimburse the Agent for such expenses.
               The  Agent  shall  be  reimbursed  for  reasonable  out-of-pocket
               expenses,   including   costs  of  travel,   meals  and  lodging,
               photocopying,  telephone, facsimile and couriers. The Agent shall
               also  be  reimbursed  for  its  fees  of  underwriter's   counsel
               (including  counsel's   out-of-pocket  expenses)  not  to  exceed
               $35,000. The selection of such counsel will be done by the Agent,
               after consultation with the Bank.
         Section 3. Prospectus; Offering. The Shares are to be initially offered
in the Offering at the Purchase Price as defined and set forth on the cover page
of the Prospectus.
                                        4
         Section 4.  Representations and Warranties of the Company,  the MHC and
the Bank. The Company,  the MHC and the Bank jointly and severally represent and
warrant to and agree with the Agent as follows:
          (a)  The Registration Statement which was prepared by the Company, the
               MHC and the  Bank and  filed  with the  Commission  was  declared
               effective by the  Commission on __________  __, 2000. At the time
               the Registration  Statement,  including the Prospectus  contained
               therein   (including   any  amendment  or   supplement),   became
               effective,  the Registration  Statement  contained all statements
               that were required to be stated  therein in  accordance  with the
               1933 Act and the 1933 Act  Regulations,  complied in all material
               respects with the  requirements  of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act
               Regulations  and  the  Registration   Statement,   including  the
               Prospectus   contained   therein   (including  any  amendment  or
               supplement thereto), and any information regarding the Company or
               the MHC or the Bank contained in Sales  Information (as such term
               is defined in Section 8 hereof)  authorized  by the Company,  the
               MHC or the Bank for use in connection with the Offering,  did not
               contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
               material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make
               the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
               they were made, not  misleading,  and at the time any Rule 424(b)
               or (c)  Prospectus  was  filed  with  the  Commission  and at the
               Closing  Date   referred  to  in  Section  2,  the   Registration
               Statement,  including the Prospectus contained therein (including
               any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),   and  any  information
               regarding  the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank  contained in Sales
               Information  (as  such  term is  defined  in  Section  8  hereof)
               authorized  by  the  Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank  for  use in
               connection with the Offering will contain all statements that are
               required to be stated therein in accordance with the 1933 Act and
               the 1933 Act Regulations and will not contain an untrue statement
               of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary in
               order  to  make  the   statements   therein,   in  light  of  the
               circumstances   under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading;
               provided,  however,  that the  representations  and warranties in
               this Section 4(a) shall not apply to statements or omissions made
               in  reliance  upon and in  conformity  with  written  information
               furnished to the Company, the MHC or the Bank by the Agent or its
               counsel  expressly  regarding the Agent for use in the Prospectus
               or  statements  in or  omissions  from any Sales  Information  or
               information  filed pursuant to state  securities or blue sky laws
               or regulations regarding the Agent.
          (b)  The MHC  Application  which was prepared by the Company,  the MHC
               and the Bank and filed  with the OTS was  approved  by the OTS on
               ___________  ___,  2000,  and the  related  Prospectus  has  been
               authorized for use by the OTS. At the time of the approval of the
               MHC Application, including the
                                        5Prospectus  (including any amendment or supplement  thereto),  by
               the OTS and at all times  subsequent  thereto  until the  Closing
               Date, the MHC  Application,  including the Prospectus  (including
               any amendment or supplement thereto), will comply in all material
               respects with the MHC Regulations, except to the extent waived in
               writing by the OTS. The MHC Application, including the Prospectus
               (including any amendment or supplement thereto), does not include
               any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or  omit to  state a
               material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make
               the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
               they were  made,  not  misleading;  provided,  however,  that the
               representations  and  warranties  in this  Section 4(b) shall not
               apply to  statements  or omissions  made in reliance  upon and in
               conformity with written information furnished to the Company, the
               MHC or the Bank by the Agent or its counsel  expressly  regarding
               the  Agent  for  use  in the  Prospectus  contained  in  the  MHC
               Application   or  statements  in  or  omissions  from  any  sales
               information.
          (c)  The Company and the MHC have  registered  with the OTS as savings
               and loan  holding  companies  under the Home Owners' Loan Act, as
               amended ("HOLA").
          (d)  No order has been issued by the OTS or the FDIC  (hereinafter any
               reference  to the FDIC  shall  include  the SAIF)  preventing  or
               suspending the use of the Prospectus,  and no action by or before
               any such government entity to revoke any approval,  authorization
               or order of effectiveness related to the Offering is, to the best
               knowledge  of  the  Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank,  pending  or
               threatened.
          (e)  The MHC is and, as of the Closing Date,  will continue to be duly
               organized and validly  existing as a federally  chartered  mutual
               holding  company  under  the  laws  of the  United  States,  duly
               authorized  to  conduct  its  business  and own its  property  as
               described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; as of
               the  Closing  Date,  the MHC will  have  obtained  all  licenses,
               permits and other  governmental  authorizations  required for the
               conduct of its business except those that  individually or in the
               aggregate  would not  materially  adversely  affect the financial
               condition,   earnings,  capital,  assets  or  properties  of  the
               Company,  MHC and Bank taken as a whole;  as of the Closing Date,
               all such licenses,  permits and governmental  authorizations will
               be in full  force and  effect  and the MHC will be in  compliance
               therewith in all material  respects;  as of the Closing Date, the
               MHC will be duly  qualified as a foreign  corporation to transact
               business  in each  jurisdiction  in which  the  failure  to be so
               qualified  in one or  more  of such  jurisdictions  would  have a
               material  adverse  effect on the financial  condition,  earnings,
               capital,  assets,  properties or business of the Company, MHC and
               Bank considered as one enterprise.
                                        6
          (f)  The MHC does not own any equity securities or any equity interest
               in any business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus.
          (g)  The MHC is not authorized to issue any shares of capital stock.
          (h)  At the  Closing  Date,  the Plan will have  been  adopted  by the
               Boards  of  Directors  of the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank and
               approved  by the  members of the Bank,  and the offer and sale of
               the Shares will have been  conducted in all material  respects in
               accordance  with the  Plan,  the MHC  Regulations,  and all other
               applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all
               terms,  conditions,  requirements and provisions precedent to the
               Offering  imposed  upon the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank by the
               OTS, the Commission, or any other regulatory authority and in the
               manner  described  in the  Prospectus.  No person  has  sought to
               obtain  review of the final  action of the OTS in  approving  the
               Plan or in approving the MHC Application, or any other statute or
               regulation.
          (i)  The Bank has been organized and is a validly  existing  federally
               chartered  savings and loan  association in capital stock form of
               organization, duly authorized to conduct its business and own its
               property  as  described  in the  Registration  Statement  and the
               Prospectus;  the Bank has obtained all material licenses, permits
               and other governmental  authorizations currently required for the
               conduct  of  its  business;   all  such  licenses,   permits  and
               governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the
               Bank is in all material respects  complying with all laws, rules,
               regulations  and  orders  applicable  to  the  operation  of  its
               business;  the Bank is  existing  under  the  laws of the  United
               States and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact
               business and is in good  standing in each  jurisdiction  in which
               its  ownership  of property or leasing of property or the conduct
               of its business requires such  qualification,  unless the failure
               to be so qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not
               have a material  adverse  effect on the  condition,  financial or
               otherwise, or the business, operations or income of the Bank. TheBank does not own equity securities or any equity interest in any
               other business  enterprise  except as described in the Prospectus
               or as would not be material to the  operations of the Bank.  Upon
               completion of the sale by the Company of the Shares  contemplated
               by the Prospectus,  (i) all of the issued and outstanding capital
               stock of the Bank will be owned by the Company,  (ii) the Company
               will have no direct  subsidiaries  other than the Bank, and (iii)
               the Company will be a  majority-owned  subsidiary of the MHC. The
               Offering  will have been  effected  in all  material  respects in
               accordance with all applicable statutes,  regulations,  decisions
               and orders;  and,  except  with  respect to the filing of certain
               post-sale,  post-Offering  reports,  and  documents in compliance
               with the 1933 Act Regulations, the OTS' resolutions or letters of
                                        7
               approval, all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with
               respect to the Offering  imposed by the Commission,  the OTS, and
               the FDIC,  if any,  will have been  complied with by the Company,
               the MHC and the  Bank in all  material  respects  or  appropriate
               waivers  will have been  obtained  and all  material  notice  and
               waiting periods will have been satisfied, waived or elapsed.
          (j)  The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as
               a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  United
               States  with  corporate  power and  authority  to own,  lease and
               operate its  properties  and to conduct its business as described
               in the  Registration  Statement  and the  Prospectus,  and at the
               Closing  Date the Company  will be  qualified to do business as a
               foreign  corporation in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of
               its  business  requires  such  qualification,  except  where  the
               failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on
               the   condition,   financial  or  otherwise,   or  the  business,
               operations or income of the Company. The Company has obtained all
               material licenses, permits and other governmental  authorizations
               currently  required  for the  conduct of its  business;  all such
               licenses,  permits and  governmental  authorizations  are in full
               force and  effect,  and the Company is in all  material  respects
               complying with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable
               to the operation of its business.
          (k)  The Bank is a member  of the  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank of Dallas
               ("FHLB- Dallas"). The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by
               the FDIC up to the applicable  limits; and no proceedings for the
               termination  or revocation  of such  insurance are pending or, to
               the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened.
          (l)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have good and marketable title
               to all real property and good title to all other assets  material
               to the business of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank, taken as a
               whole,  and to  those  properties  and  assets  described  in the
               Registration  Statement and Prospectus as owned by them, free and
               clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except
               such  as  are  described  in  the   Registration   Statement  and
               Prospectus,  or are not  material to the business of the Company,
               the MHC and the Bank, taken as a whole; and all of the leases and
               subleases  material to the business of the  Company,  the MHC and
               the Bank, taken as a whole,  under which the Company,  the MHC or
               the  Bank  hold  properties,  including  those  described  in the
               Registration  Statement  and  Prospectus,  are in full  force and
               effect.
          (m)  The  Company  and the Bank  have  received  an  opinion  of their
               special  counsel,  Luse  Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk  & Schick  with
               respect to the federal  income tax  consequences  of the Offering
               and the opinions of
                                        8
               ____________________  with  respect  to  New  Mexico  income  tax
               consequences  of  the  Offering;  all  material  aspects  of  the
               opinions   of  Luse   Lehman   Gorman   Pomerenk   &  Schick  and
               _____________________    are   accurately   summarized   in   the
               Registration  Statement and will be accurately  summarized in the
               Prospectus; and further represent and warrant that the facts upon
               which  such  opinions  are  based  are  truthful,   accurate  and
               complete.
          (n)  The Company, the MHC and the Bank have all such power, authority,
               authorizations,  approvals and orders as may be required to enter
               into this  Agreement,  to carry out the provisions and conditions
               hereof  and to  issue  and  sell  the  Shares  to be  sold by the
               Company,  as provided  herein and as described in the  Prospectus
               except approval or confirmation by the OTS of the final appraisal
               of the Company. The consummation of the Offering,  the execution,
               delivery and  performance of this Agreement and the  consummation
               of the  transactions  herein  contemplated  have  been  duly  and
               validly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on the partof the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and this Agreement has been
               validly  executed and  delivered by the Company,  the MHC and the
               Bank  and  is the  valid,  legal  and  binding  agreement  of the
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank enforceable in accordance with its
               terms  (except as the  enforceability  thereof  may be limited by
               bankruptcy,  insolvency,  moratorium,  reorganization  or similar
               laws  relating to or  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'
               rights  generally  or the rights of creditors of savings and loan
               holding companies, the accounts of whose subsidiaries are insured
               by the FDIC or by general equity principles regardless of whether
               such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
               law,  and except to the  extent if any,  that the  provisions  of
               Sections 8 and 9 hereof may be  unenforceable  as against  public
               policy).
          (o)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank are not in  violation  of any
               directive received from the OTS, the FDIC, or any other agency to
               make any  material  change  in the  method  of  conducting  their
               businesses  so as to comply  in all  material  respects  with all
               applicable   statutes   and   regulations   (including,   without
               limitation,  regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the
               OTS,  and  the  FDIC)  and,  except  as may be set  forth  in the
               Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus,  there is no suit or
               proceeding or charge or action before or by any court, regulatory
               authority  or  governmental  agency or body,  pending  or, to the
               knowledge of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, threatened,  which
               might   materially  and  adversely   affect  the  Offering,   the
               performance  of  this  Agreement  or  the   consummation  of  the
               transactions  contemplated  in the Plan and as  described  in the
               Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus or which might result
               in any material  adverse  change in the  condition  (financial or
               otherwise), earnings, capital or properties of the
                                        9
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank, or which would materially  affect
               their properties and assets.
          (p)  The financial  statements,  schedules  and notes related  thereto
               which  are  included  in  the   Prospectus   fairly  present  the
               consolidated  balance  sheet,  income  statement,   statement  of
               changes in equity  and cash  flows of the Bank at the  respective
               dates  indicated and for the respective  periods  covered thereby
               and  comply  as  to  form  in  all  material  respects  with  the
               applicable  accounting  requirements  of  Title 12 of the Code of
               Federal Regulations and generally accepted accounting  principles
               (including  those  requiring the  recording of certain  assets at
               their current market value). Such financial statements, schedules
               and notes related  thereto have been prepared in accordance  with
               generally accepted  accounting  principles  consistently  applied
               through  the periods  involved,  present  fairly in all  material
               respects the  information  required to be stated  therein and are
               consistent  with the most recent  financial  statements and other
               reports  filed by the Bank  with the OTS.  The  other  financial,
               statistical and pro forma  information and related notes included
               in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein on
               a basis  consistent  with the  audited  and  unaudited  financial
               statements of the Bank included in the Prospectus,  and as to the
               pro forma  adjustments,  the adjustments  described  therein have
               been properly applied on the basis described therein.
          (q)  Since the  respective  dates as of which  information is given in
               the Registration  Statement  including the Prospectus:  (i) there
               has not been any material adverse change, financial or otherwise,
               in the condition of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank  considered
               as one enterprise,  or in the earnings,  capital or properties of
               the Company,  the MHC or the Bank,  whether or not arising in the
               ordinary course of business; (ii) there has not been any material
               increase in the  long-term  debt of the Bank or in the  principal
               amount of the Bank's  assets which are  classified by the Bank as
               substandard,  doubtful  or loss or in  loans  past due 90 days or
               more or real estate acquired by  foreclosure,  by deed-in-lieu of
               foreclosure  or deemed  in-substance  foreclosure or any material
               decrease in retained earnings or total assets of the Bank nor has
               the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank issued any  securities  (other
               than in  connection  with the  incorporation  of the  Company) or
               incurred any liability or obligation for borrowing  other than in
               the ordinary  course of  business;  (iii) there have not been any
               material transactions entered into by the Company, the MHC or the
               Bank; (iv) there has not been any material  adverse change in the
               aggregate   dollar   amount  of  the  Bank's   deposits   or  its
               consolidated  net worth;  (v) there has been no material  adverse
               change in the  Company's,  the MHC's or the  Bank's  relationship
               with  its  insurance  carriers,  including,  without  limitation,
               cancellation or other termination of the Company's, the
                                       10MHC's or the Bank's  fidelity bond or any other type of insurance
               coverage;  (vi) except as disclosed in the  Prospectus  there has
               been no material change in management of the Company,  the MHC or
               the Bank, neither of which has any material undisclosed liability
               of any kind, contingent or otherwise;  (vii) the Company, the MHC
               or the Bank has not sustained  any material loss or  interference
               with its  respective  business or  properties  from fire,  flood,
               windstorm, earthquake, accident or other calamity, whether or not
               covered by insurance;  (viii) the Company, the MHC or the Bank is
               not in default in the  payment of  principal  or  interest on any
               outstanding   debt   obligations;    (ix)   the   capitalization,
               liabilities,  assets, properties and business of the Company, the
               MHC  and  the  Bank  conform  in  all  material  respects  to the
               descriptions thereof contained in the Prospectus; and (x) neither
               the  Company,  the MHC nor the Bank has any  material  contingent
               liabilities, except as set forth in the Prospectus. All documents
               made  available  to or  delivered  or to be made  available to or
               delivered  by  the  Bank,   the  MHC  or  the  Company  or  their
               representatives  in connection  with the issuance and sale of the
               Shares,  including  records of account  holders,  depositors  and
               other  members of the Bank,  or in  connection  with the  Agent's
               exercise of due diligence,  except for those documents which were
               prepared by parties other than the Bank,  the MHC, the Company or
               their representatives, to the best knowledge of the Bank, the MHC
               and the Company,  were on the dates on which they were delivered,
               or will be on the dates on which they are to be delivered,  true,
               complete and correct in all material respects.
          (r)  As of the date  hereof and as of the  Closing  Date,  neither the
               Company, the MHC nor the Bank is (i) in violation of its articles
               of incorporation or charter or bylaws,  respectively,  or (ii) in
               default  in  the   performance  or  observance  of  any  material
               obligation,  agreement,  covenant,  or condition contained in any
               material  contract,  lease,  loan  agreement,  indenture or other
               instrument  to  which  it is a party or by which it or any of its
               property may be bound;  the  consummation  of the  Offering,  the
               execution,  delivery and  performance  of this  Agreement and the
               consummation of the transactions  herein  contemplated  have been
               duly and validly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on
               the part of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank and this Agreement
               has been validly  executed and delivered by the Company,  the MHC
               and the Bank and is a valid,  legal and binding  Agreement of the
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank enforceable in accordance with its
               terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by (i)
               bankruptcy,     insolvency,      reorganization,      moratorium,
               conservatorship,  receivership  or  other  similar  laws  now  or
               hereafter in effect  relating to or affecting the  enforcement of
               creditors' rights generally or the rights of creditors of federal
               savings institutions,  (ii) general equitable  principles,  (iii)
               laws relating to the safety and  soundness of insured  depository
               institutions, and (iv) applicable
                                       11
               law or public policy with respect to the  indemnification  and/or
               contribution  provisions  contained  herein,  and except  that no
               representation  or  warranty  need be made  as to the  effect  or
               availability   of  equitable   remedies  or   injunctive   relief
               (regardless  of whether such  enforceability  is  considered in a
               proceeding  in  equity  or  at  law).  The  consummation  of  the
               transactions  herein  contemplated will not: (i) conflict with or
               constitute  a breach  of,  or  default  under,  or  result in the
               creation of any material lien,  charge or encumbrance upon any of
               the assets of the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank  pursuant to the
               articles  of  incorporation  of the  Company or the  charter  and
               bylaws of the Bank and the MHC, or any material  contract,  lease
               or other instrument to which the Company, the MHC or the Bank has
               a beneficial interest, or any applicable law, rule, regulation or
               order;  (ii)  violate  any  authorization,  approval,  judgement,
               decree,  order,  statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the
               Company,  the MHC or the Bank,  except for such violations  which
               would  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  financial
               condition and results of  operations of the Company,  the MHC and
               the Bank on a consolidated basis; or (iii) result in the creation
               of any material lien,  charge or encumbrance upon any property of
               the Company, the MHC or the Bank.
          (s)  No default exists, and no event has occurred which with notice or
               lapse of time, or both, would  constitute a default,  on the part
               of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank in the due  performance  and
               observance of any term,  covenant or condition of any  indenture,
               mortgage,  deed of trust,  note, bank loan or credit agreement or
               any other  instrument or agreement to which the Company,  the MHC
               or the Bank is a party  or by  which  any of them or any of their
               property is bound or affected,  except such defaults  which would
               not have a material adverse affect on the financial  condition or
               results of operations  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank on a
               consolidated basis; such agreements are in full force and effect;
               and no other party to any such  agreements  has instituted or, to
               the  best  knowledge  of the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank,
               threatened any action or proceeding wherein the Company,  the MHC
               or  the  Bank  would  or  might  be  alleged  to  be  in  defaultthereunder.
          (t)  Upon  consummation of the Offering,  the  authorized,  issued and
               outstanding  equity  capital  of the  Company  will be within the
               range   set   forth  in  the   Prospectus   under   the   caption
               "Capitalization,"  and no Shares  have been or will be issued and
               outstanding  prior to the Closing Date (other than Shares held by
               the MHC);  the Shares will have been duly and validly  authorized
               for  issuance  and,  when  issued and  delivered  by the  Company
               pursuant  to  the  Plan  against  payment  of  the  consideration
               calculated as set forth in the Plan and in the  Prospectus,  will
               be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, except
               for shares purchased by the ESOP with funds
                                       12
               borrowed from the Company to the extent payment  therefor in cash
               has not been  received by the Company;  except to the extent that
               subscription   rights  and  priorities   pursuant  thereto  exist
               pursuant to the Plan, no preemptive  rights exist with respect to
               the  Shares;  and the terms and  provisions  of the  Shares  will
               conform  in all  material  respects  to the  description  thereof
               contained in the  Registration  Statement and the Prospectus.  To
               the best knowledge of the Company, the MHC and the Bank, upon the
               issuance  of the  Shares,  good  title  to  the  Shares  will  be
               transferred  from the Company to the purchasers  thereof  against
               payment  therefor,  subject  to such  claims  as may be  asserted
               against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.
          (u)  No approval of any  regulatory  or  supervisory  or other  public
               authority  is  required  in  connection  with the  execution  and
               delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Shares,  except
               for the  approval of the  Commission,  the OTS and any  necessary
               qualification,  notification, registration or exemption under the
               securities  or blue sky laws of the  various  states in which the
               Shares are to be offered, and except as may be required under the
               rules and regulations of the NASD.
          (v)  The Accounting & Consulting Group L.L.P.  which has certified the
               consolidated  audited  financial  statements and schedules of the
               Bank included in the Prospectus, has advised the Company, the MHC
               and the Bank in  writing  that  they  are,  with  respect  to the
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  independent  public  accountants
               within  the  meaning  of the Code of  Professional  Ethics of the
               American  Institute of Certified Public  Accountants and Title 12
               of the Code of Federal Regulations and Section 571.2(c)(3).
          (w)  RP  Financial  LC, which has  prepared  the  Valuation  Appraisal
               Report as of December ___, 1999 (as amended or  supplemented,  if
               so amended or supplemented)  (the  "Appraisal"),  has advised the
               Company in writing that it is independent of the Company, the MHC
               and the Bank within the meaning of the MHC Regulations.
          (x)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have timely filed all required
               federal,  state and local tax returns;  the Company,  the MHC and
               the Bank have paid all taxes that have  become due and payable in
               respect of such returns,  except where  permitted to be extended,
               have made adequate  reserves for similar  future tax  liabilities
               and no deficiency  has been asserted with respect  thereto by any
               taxing authority.
          (y)  The  Bank is in  compliance  in all  material  respects  with the
               applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of
               the Currency and
                                       13
               Foreign  Transactions  Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the
               regulations and rules thereunder.
          (z)  To the  knowledge of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  neither
               the Company,  the MHC, the Bank nor employees of the Company, the
               MHC or the Bank have made any  payment  of funds of the MHC,  the
               Company or the Bank as a loan for the  purchase  of the Shares or
               made any other  payment of funds  prohibited by law, and no funds
               have been set aside to be used for any payment prohibited by law.
          (aa) Prior to the Offering,  neither the Company, the MHC nor the Bank
               has: (i) issued any securities  within the last 18 months (except
               for notes to  evidence  other bank loans and  reverse  repurchase
               agreements  or  other  liabilities  in  the  ordinary  course  of
               business or as  described in the  Prospectus,  and except for any
               shares  issued  in  connection  with  the  incorporation  of  the
               Company);  (ii) had any  material  dealings  within the 12 months
               prior to the date  hereof  with any  member of the  NASD,  or any
               person  related to or  associated  with such  member,  other than
               discussions  and meetings  relating to the proposed  Offering and
               routine  purchases  and sales of  United  States  government  andagency  securities;  (iii) entered into a financial or management
               consulting agreement except as contemplated  hereunder;  and (iv)
               engaged any intermediary  between the Agent and the Company,  the
               MHC and the Bank in  connection  with the offering of the Shares,
               and no  person  is  being  compensated  in any  manner  for  such
               service.  Appropriate arrangements have been made for placing the
               funds  received  from  subscriptions  for  Shares  in  a  special
               interest-bearing  account with the Bank until all Shares are sold
               and paid for, with  provision for refund to the purchasers in the
               event that the Offering is not completed  for whatever  reason or
               for delivery to the Company if all Shares are sold.
          (bb) The Company,  the MHC and the Bank have not relied upon the Agent
               or its legal  counsel or other  advisors  for any  legal,  tax or
               accounting advice in connection with the Offering.
          (cc) The Company is not required to be registered under the Investment
               Company Act of 1940, as amended.
          (dd) Any certificates signed by an officer of the Company,  the MHC or
               the  Bank  pursuant  to the  conditions  of  this  Agreement  and
               delivered  to the  Agent or their  counsel  that  refers  to this
               Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation  and warranty by
               the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank to the Agent as to the matters
               covered  thereby  with the same effect as if such  representation
               and warranty were set forth herein.
                                       14
         Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Agent.
         The Agent represents and warrants to the Company,  the MHC and the Bank
that:
               (i) it is a corporation and is validly  existing in good standing
          under the laws of the State of Ohio and  licensed to conduct  business
          in the  State of Ohio  and it has the  full  power  and  authority  to
          provide the  services  to be  furnished  to the Bank,  the MHC and the
          Company hereunder.
               (ii)  The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and the
          consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby have been duly
          and  validly  authorized  by all  necessary  action on the part of the
          Agent,  and this  Agreement  has been duly and  validly  executed  and
          delivered by the Agent and is a legal,  valid and binding agreement of
          the Agent, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
               (iii)   Each  of  the  Agent  and  its   employees,   agents  and
          representatives  who shall perform any of the services hereunder shall
          be duly  authorized  and  empowered,  and  shall  have  all  licenses,
          approvals and permits necessary to perform such services.
               (iv) The execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by the Agent,
          the   consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  and
          compliance  with the terms and  provisions  hereof  will not  conflict
          with,  or result  in a breach  of,  any of the  terms,  provisions  or
          conditions  of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice
          or  lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a  default)  under,  the
          articles of incorporation of the Agent or any agreement,  indenture or
          other  instrument  to which the Agent is a party or by which it or its
          property is bound.
               (v) No approval of any  regulatory or supervisory or other public
          authority is required in  connection  with the Agent's  execution  and
          delivery of this Agreement, except as may have been received.
               (vi) There is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or
          by any court, regulatory authority or government agency or body or, to
          the  knowledge  of the  Agent,  pending  or  threatened,  which  might
          materially adversely affect the Agent's performance of this Agreement.
         Section  5.l  Covenants  of the  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank.  The
Company,  the MHC and the Bank hereby  jointly and  severally  covenant with the
Agent as follows:
          (a)  The Company will not, at any time after the date the Registration
               Statement is declared effective, file any amendment or supplement
               to the Registration Statement without providing the Agent and its
               counsel an opportunity to
                                       15
               review such  amendment  or  supplement  or file any  amendment or
               supplement  to which  amendment  or  supplement  the Agent or its
               counsel shall reasonably object.
          (b)  The MHC and Bank will not, at any time after the MHC  Application
               is approved by the OTS,  file any amendment or supplement to suchMHC  Application  without  providing the Agent and its counsel an
               opportunity  to review such  amendment or  supplement or file any
               amendment or  supplement  to which  amendment or  supplement  the
               Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object.
          (c)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank will use their best efforts to
               cause any post-effective  amendment to the Registration Statement
               to be declared effective by the Commission and any post-effective
               amendment  to the MHC  Application  to be approved by the OTS and
               will immediately  upon receipt of any information  concerning the
               events listed below notify the Agent:  (i) when the  Registration
               Statement,  as amended,  has become effective;  (ii) when the MHC
               Application,  as amended has been approved by the OTS;  (iii) any
               comments from the Commission,  the OTS or any other  governmental
               entity  with  respect  to  the   Offering  or  the   transactions
               contemplated  by  this  Agreement;  (iv)  of the  request  by the
               Commission,  the OTS or any  other  governmental  entity  for any
               amendment or supplement to the  Registration  Statement,  the MHC
               Application or for additional information; (v) of the issuance by
               the Commission,  the OTS or any other governmental  entity of any
               order or other action  suspending  the Offering or the use of the
               Registration  Statement or the  Prospectus or any other filing of
               the Company,  the MHC or the Bank under the MHC  Regulations,  or
               other applicable law, or the threat of any such action;  (vi) the
               issuance by the Commission,  the OTS or any authority of any stop
               order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration  Statement
               or of the  initiation  or threat of  initiation  or threat of any
               proceedings  for that purpose;  or (vii) of the occurrence of any
               event mentioned in paragraph (g) below. The Company,  the MHC and
               the Bank will make every  reasonable  effort  (i) to prevent  the
               issuance by the Commission, the OTS or any state authority of any
               such  order and,  if any such order  shall at any time be issued,
               (ii) to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible time.
          (d)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will deliver to the Agent and
               to its counsel two conformed copies of the Registration Statement
               and  the  MHC  Application,  as  originally  filed  and  of  each
               amendment or supplement thereto, including all exhibits. Further,
               the Company,  the MHC and the Bank will  deliver such  additional
               copies of the foregoing  documents to counsel to the Agent as may
               be required for any NASD and "blue sky" filings.
                                       16
          (e)  The Company, the MHC and the Bank will furnish to the Agent, from
               time to time during the period when the  Prospectus (or any later
               prospectus  related to this offering) is required to be delivered
               under the 1933 Act or the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 (the
               "1934 Act"), such number of copies of such Prospectus (as amended
               or  supplemented)  as the Agent may  reasonably  request  for the
               purposes  contemplated by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,
               the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations  promulgated  under the
               1934 Act (the "1934 Act Regulations"). The Company authorizes the
               Agent to use the  Prospectus  (as  amended  or  supplemented,  if
               amended or supplemented) in any lawful manner contemplated by the
               Plan in connection with the sale of the Shares by the Agent.
          (f)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will  comply with any and all
               material  terms,  conditions,  requirements  and provisions  with
               respect  to  the  Offering,  and  the  transactions  contemplated
               thereby,   imposed  by  the  Commission,   the  OTS  or  the  MHC
               Regulations,  and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,  the
               1934 Act and the 1934 Act  Regulations  to be complied with prior
               to or subsequent  to the Closing Date and when the  Prospectus is
               required  to be  delivered,  and  during  such  time  period  the
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank will comply, at their own expense,
               with  all  material   requirements   imposed  upon  them  by  the
               Commission, the OTS or the MHC Regulations,  and by the 1933 Act,
               the  1933  Act  Regulations,  the  1934  Act  and  the  1934  Act
               Regulations,  including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 under the
               1934 Act,  in each case as from time to time in force,  so far as
               necessary  to permit the  continuance  of sales or dealing in the
               Common Stock during such period in accordance with the provisions
               hereof and the Prospectus.
          (g)  If, at any time during the period when the Prospectus relating to
               the Shares is required to be delivered,  any event relating to or
               affecting  the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank shall  occur,  as a
               result of which it is necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of
               counsel  for  the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank  or in  the
               reasonable opinion of the Agent's counsel, to amend or supplement
               the  Registration  Statement or  Prospectus  in order to make the
               Registration  Statement or Prospectus  not misleading in light of
               the  circumstances   existing  at  the  time  the  Prospectus  is
               delivered to a purchaser,  the Company, the MHC and the Bank will
               immediately  so inform the Agent and prepare  and file,  at their
               own expense,  with the  Commission and the OTS and furnish to the
               Agent a reasonable number of copies of an amendment or amendments
               of, or a supplement or supplements to, the Registration Statement
               or Prospectus (in form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory to
               the Agent and its  counsel  after a  reasonable  time for review)
               which will amend or  supplement  the  Registration  Statement  orProspectus so that as amended
                                       17
               or  supplemented  it will not  contain an untrue  statement  of a
               material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
               to make the  statements  therein,  in light of the  circumstances
               existing at the time the  Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser,
               not misleading.  For the purpose of this Agreement,  the Company,
               the MHC and the Bank each will  timely  furnish to the Agent such
               information  with respect to itself as the Agent may from time to
               time reasonably request.
          (h)  The  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank  will  take  all  necessary
               actions,  in cooperating  with the Agent, and furnish to whomever
               the Agent may  direct,  such  information  as may be  required to
               qualify  or  register  the Shares  for  offering  and sale by the
               Company or to exempt such Shares from registration,  or to exempt
               the Company as a  broker-dealer  and its officers,  directors and
               employees  as  broker-dealers  or  agents  under  the  applicable
               securities  or blue sky laws of such  jurisdictions  in which the
               Shares are required  under the MHC  Regulations  to be sold or as
               the Agent and the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank may  reasonably
               agree upon;  provided,  however,  that the  Company  shall not be
               obligated to file any general  consent to service of process,  to
               qualify to do business in any  jurisdiction in which it is not so
               qualified,  or to register its  directors or officers as brokers,
               dealers,  salesmen  or  agents  in  any  jurisdiction.   In  each
               jurisdiction where any of the Shares shall have been qualified or
               registered as above provided, the Company will make and file such
               statements  and  reports in each  fiscal  period as are or may be
               required by the laws of such jurisdiction.
          (i)  The  Company,  the MHC and  the  Bank  will  not  sell or  issue,
               contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, for a period of 90 days
               after  the  Closing  Date,  without  the  Agent's  prior  written
               consent,  any Common Stock other than the Shares or other than in
               connection  with  any  plan  or  arrangement   described  in  the
               Prospectus, including existing stock benefit plans.
          (j)  The Company  shall  register its Common Stock under Section 12(g)
               of the 1934 Act on or prior to the Closing  Date  pursuant to the
               Plan and shall request that such  registration be effective prior
               to or upon completion of the Offering. The Company shall maintain
               the  effectiveness  of such  registration for not less than three
               years or such shorter period as may be required by the OTS.
          (k)  During the period  during  which the  Company's  Common  Stock is
               registered  under the 1934 Act or for  three  (3) years  from the
               date  hereof,  whichever  period is  greater,  the  Company  will
               furnish to its shareholders as soon as practicable  after the end
               of each fiscal year an annual report of the Company  (including a
               consolidated balance sheet and statements of consolidated
                                       18
               income,  shareholders'  equity and cash flows of the  Company and
               its subsidiaries as at the end of and for such year, certified by
               independent  public accountants in accordance with Regulation S-X
               under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act).
          (l)  During  the  period  of three  years  from the date  hereof,  the
               Company  will  furnish to the Agent:  (i) as soon as  practicable
               after such  information  is  publicly  available,  a copy of each
               report of the Company  furnished to or filed with the  Commission
               under the 1934 Act or any national  securities exchange or system
               on which  any class of  securities  of the  Company  is listed or
               quoted  (including,  but not limited  to,  reports on Forms 10-K,
               10-Q and 8-K and all  proxy  statements  and  annual  reports  to
               stockholders),  (ii) a copy of each other non-confidential report
               of the  Company  mailed  to its  stockholders  or filed  with the
               Commission,  the  OTS  or any  other  supervisory  or  regulatory
               authority or any national  securities exchange or system on which
               any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted,  each
               press  release and material news items and  additional  documents
               and information  with respect to the Company,  MHC or the Bank as
               the Agent may  reasonably  request;  and (iii) from time to time,
               such other  nonconfidential  information  concerning the Company,
               the MHC or the Bank as the Agent may reasonably request.
          (m)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank will use the net proceeds from
               the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the  Prospectus
               under the caption "Use of Proceeds."
          (n)  Other than as permitted  by the MHC  Regulations,  the HOLA,  the
               1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations,  and the laws of any state in
               which the Shares are  registered  or qualified for sale or exempt
               from registration, neither the Company, the MHC nor the Bank willdistribute any  prospectus,  offering  circular or other offering
               material in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.
          (o)  The Company will use its best efforts to (i) encourage and assist
               a market maker to establish  and maintain a market for the Shares
               and (ii) list and maintain  quotation of the Shares on a national
               or regional  securities  exchange or on the Nasdaq  Stock  Market
               ("Nasdaq") effective on or prior to the Closing Date.
          (p)  The Bank will maintain  appropriate  arrangements  for depositing
               all funds  received  from persons  mailing  subscriptions  for or
               orders to purchase Shares in the Offering on an  interest-bearing
               basis at the rate described in the  Prospectus  until the Closing
               Date and satisfaction of all conditions  precedent to the release
               of the Bank's obligation to refund payments received from
                                       19
               persons  subscribing  for or ordering  Shares in the  Offering in
               accordance  with the Plan and as described in the  Prospectus  or
               until  refunds  of such  funds  have  been  made  to the  persons
               entitled  thereto  or  withdrawal   authorizations   canceled  in
               accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus.  The
               Bank will maintain  such records of all funds  received to permit
               the funds of each subscriber to be separately insured by the FDIC
               (to the maximum extent  allowable) and to enable the Bank to make
               the  appropriate  refunds  of such  funds in the event  that such
               refunds are required to be made in  accordance  with the Plan and
               as described in the Prospectus.
          (q)  The  Company,  the MHC and the Bank will take  such  actions  and
               furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent
               in order  for the  Agent to  ensure  compliance  with the  NASD's
               "Interpretation Relating to Free Riding and Withholding."
          (r)  Neither  the  Company,  the MHC nor the Bank will  amend the Plan
               without notifying the Agent prior thereto.
          (s)  The Company shall assist the Agent,  if necessary,  in connection
               with  the   allocation   of  the   Shares  in  the  event  of  an
               oversubscription and shall provide the Agent with any information
               necessary to assist the Company in allocating  the Shares in such
               event and such information  shall be accurate and reliable in all
               material respects.
          (t)  Prior to the Closing Date, the Company, the MHC and the Bank will
               inform  the  Agent of any event or  circumstances  of which it is
               aware as a result  of which  the  Registration  Statement  and/or
               Prospectus,  as then amended or  supplemented,  would  contain an
               untrue  statement of a material  fact or omit to state a material
               fact  necessary  in  order  to make the  statements  therein  not
               misleading.
          (u)  Subsequent  to the date the  Registration  Statement  is declared
               effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except
               as  otherwise  may be indicated  or  contemplated  therein or set
               forth in an amendment or supplement thereto, neither the Company,
               the MHC nor the Bank will  have:  (i) issued  any  securities  or
               incurred any liability or obligation,  direct or contingent,  for
               borrowed  money,  except  borrowings  from  the  same or  similar
               sources indicated in the Prospectus in the ordinary course of its
               business,  or (ii) entered into any transaction which is material
               in light of the  business and  properties  of the Company and the
               Bank, taken as a whole.
          (v)  The facts and  representations  provided  to Luse  Lehman  Gorman
               Pomerenk & Schick by the Bank,  the MHC and the  Company and upon
               which Luse
                                       20
               Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk  & Schick  will base its  opinion  under
               Section 7(c)(1) are and will be truthful, accurate and complete.
         Section  6.  Payment  of  Expenses.  Whether  or not  the  Offering  is
completed or the sale of the Shares by the Company is consummated,  the Company,
the MHC and the Bank jointly and  severally  agree to pay or reimburse the Agent
for the Company, the MHC and the Bank have agreed to reimburse the Agent for its
out-of-pocket  expenses,  and its legal fees (as  specified in Section 2) and to
indemnify the Agent against  certain claims or  liabilities,  including  certain
liabilities  under the Securities Act, and will contribute to payments the Agent
may be required to make in connection with any such claims or  liabilities;  and
the fees set forth under Section 2. In the event the Company is unable to sell a
minimum of 708,050  Shares,  the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall  promptly
reimburse the Agent in accordance with Section 2 hereof.
         Section 7.  Conditions to the Agent's  Obligations.  The obligations of
the Agent  hereunder,  as to the Shares to be delivered at the Closing Date, aresubject, to the extent not waived in writing by the Agent, to the condition that
all representations  and warranties of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank herein
are, at and as of the  commencement of the Offering and at and as of the Closing
Date, true and correct in all material respects, the condition that the Company,
the MHC and the Bank shall have performed all of their obligations  hereunder to
be performed on or before such dates, and to the following further conditions:
          (a)  At the Closing Date, the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall have
               conducted  the  Offering in all material  respects in  accordance
               with the Plan,  the MHC  Regulations,  and all  other  applicable
               laws,  regulations,  decisions  and orders,  including all terms,
               conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Offering
               imposed upon them by the OTS.
          (b)  The Registration  Statement shall have been declared effective by
               the  Commission and the MHC  Application  and MHC Notice shall be
               approved  by the OTS not later than 5:30 p.m. on the date of this
               Agreement,  or with the Agent's consent at a later time and date;
               and  at  the  Closing   Date,  no  stop  order   suspending   the
               effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement  shall  have  been
               issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefore  initiated or
               threatened by the Commission or any state authority, and no order
               or other action suspending the authorization of the Prospectus or
               the  consummation  of the  Conversion  shall have been  issued or
               proceedings  therefore initiated or, to the Company's,  the MHC's
               or the Bank's knowledge,  threatened by the Commission,  the OTS,
               the FDIC, or any state authority.
          (c)  At the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received:
                                       21
               (1) The  favorable  opinion,  dated  as of the  Closing  Date and
               addressed to the Agent and for its benefit, of Luse Lehman Gorman
               Pomerenk & Schick,  special counsel for the Company,  the MHC and
               the Bank, in form and substance to the effect that:
                    (i) The  Company has been duly  incorporated  and is validly
               existing as a corporation under the laws of the United States.
                    (ii) The Company has  corporate  power and authority to own,
               lease and operate its  properties  and to conduct its business as
               described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
                    (iii) The Bank has been organized and is a validly  existing
               federally chartered savings and loan association in capital stock
               form of organization,  authorized to conduct its business and own
               its property as described in the  Registration  Statement and the
               Prospectus. All of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank upon
               completion  of the Offering  will be duly  authorized  and,  upon
               payment  therefor,   will  be  validly  issued,  fully  paid  and
               non-assessable  and will be owned by the Company,  free and clear
               of any liens, encumbrances, claims or other restrictions.
                    (iv) The Bank is a member of the  FHLB-Dallas.  The  deposit
               accounts  of the Bank are  insured by the FDIC up to the  maximum
               amount allowed under law and no proceedings  for the  termination
               or revocation of such insurance are pending or, to such counsel's
               Actual Knowledge, threatened; to the extent that such information
               constitutes  matters  of law  and  legal  conclusions,  has  been
               reviewed  by such  counsel  and is  accurately  described  in all
               material respects.
                    (v) The MHC has been duly organized and is validly  existing
               as a federally chartered mutual holding company,  duly authorized
               to conduct its  business and own its  properties  as described in
               the Registration Statement and Prospectus.
                    (vi) Upon  consummation  of the Offering,  immediately  upon
               completion  thereof  subject to  compliance  with all  conditions
               imposed by the OTS under the terms of the OTS' approval order, in
               an amount as described in the Prospectus, the authorized,  issued
               and  outstanding  capital stock of the Company will be within the
               range   set   forth  in  the   Prospectus   under   the   caption
               "Capitalization,"  and no shares of Common Stock have been issued
               prior  to the  Closing  Date;  at the time of the  Offering,  the
               Shares  subscribed  for pursuant to the  Offering  will have been
               duly and validly  authorized  for  issuance,  and when issued and
               delivered by the Company  pursuant to the Plan against payment of
               the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plan and
                                       22
               Prospectus,  will be duly and  validly  issued and fully paid and
               non-assessable;  the  issuance  of the  Shares is not  subject to
               preemptive  rights  and the terms and  provisions  of the  Shares
               conform  in all  material  respects  to the  description  thereofcontained in the Prospectus.  To such counsel's Actual Knowledge,
               upon the issuance of the Shares, good title to the Shares will be
               transferred  by the  Company to the  purchasers  thereof  against
               payment  therefor,  subject  to such  claims  as may be  asserted
               against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.
                    (vii) The execution  and delivery of this  Agreement and the
               consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, have been
               duly and validly  authorized by all necessary  action on the part
               of the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank;  and this  Agreement is a
               valid and  binding  obligation  of the  Company,  the MHC and the
               Bank,  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms,  except as the
               enforceability   thereof  may  be  limited  by  (i)   bankruptcy,
               insolvency,    reorganization,    moratorium,    conservatorship,
               receivership  or other  similar  laws now or  hereafter in effect
               relating to or affecting the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
               generally or the rights of creditors of savings institutions, the
               deposits  of which  are  insured  by the FDIC and  their  holding
               companies, (ii) general equitable principles, (iii) laws relating
               to the safety and  soundness of insured  depository  institutions
               and their holding  companies,  and (iv)  applicable law or public
               policy with respect to the  indemnification  and/or  contribution
               provisions  contained herein,  including  without  limitation the
               provisions of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and
               except  that no  opinion  need be  expressed  as to the effect or
               availability   of  equitable   remedies  or   injunctive   relief
               (regardless  of whether such  enforceability  is  considered in a
               proceeding in equity or at law).
                    (viii) The MHC  Application has been approved by the OTS and
               the  Prospectus  has been  authorized  for use by the OTS, and no
               action has been taken,  and to such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge
               none is pending or threatened,  to revoke any such  authorization
               or approval.
                    (ix) The Plan has been duly adopted by the required  vote of
               the  directors  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,  and based
               upon the certificate of the inspector of election, by the members
               of the Bank.
                    (x) Subject to the  satisfaction  of the  conditions  to the
               OTS' approval of the Offering, no further approval, registration,
               authorization,  consent or other order of any federal  regulatory
               agency is required in connection  with the execution and delivery
               of  this   Agreement,   the   issuance  of  the  Shares  and  the
               consummation of the Offering, except as may be required under the
               securities or blue sky laws of various jurisdictions (as to which
               no opinion need be
                                       23
               rendered)  and  except  as may be  required  under  the rules and
               regulations  of the NASD  and/or the NYSE (as to which no opinion
               need  be  rendered).  To such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  the
               Offering  has  been  consummated  in  all  material  respects  in
               accordance  with  MHC  Regulations,  except  that no  opinion  is
               rendered  with  respect  to (a)  the  Registration  Statement  or
               Prospectus,  which are covered by other  clauses of this opinion,
               (b) the satisfaction of the  post-Offering  conditions in the OTS
               Regulations or in the OTS approvals of the MHC  Application,  (c)
               the securities or "blue sky" laws of various  jurisdictions,  and
               (d) the rules and regulations of the NASD.
                    (xi) The Registration  Statement is effective under the 1933
               Act,  and no stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  has been
               issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefor  initiated or,
               to such counsel's Actual Knowledge, threatened by the Commission.
                    (xii)  At  the  time  the  MHC  Application,  including  the
               Prospectus  contained  therein,  was approved by the OTS, the MHC
               Application, including the Prospectus contained therein, complied
               as to form in all material  respects with the requirements of the
               MHC  Regulations,  federal  law  and  all  applicable  rules  and
               regulations  promulgated  thereunder  (other  than the  financial
               statements,  the notes  thereto,  and other  tabular,  financial,
               statistical and appraisal data included  therein,  as to which no
               opinion need be rendered).
                    (xiii) At the time that the  Registration  Statement  became
               effective,   (i)  the  Registration   Statement  (as  amended  or
               supplemented,  if so amended  or  supplemented)  (other  than the
               financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and  other  tabular,
               financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to
               which no opinion  need be  rendered),  complied as to form in all
               material  respects with the  requirements of the 1933 Act and the
               1933 Act  Regulations,  and (ii) the  Prospectus  (other than the
               financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and  other  tabular,
               financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to
               which no opinion  need be  rendered)  complied  as to form in all
               material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1933
               Act Regulations, the MHC Regulations and federal law.(xiv) The terms and  provisions of the Shares of the Company
               conform,  in all material  respects,  to the description  thereof
               contained in the Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  and the
               form of  certificate  used to  evidence  the Shares is in due and
               proper form.
                    (xv) There are no legal or governmental  proceedings pending
               or  threatened   which  are  required  to  be  disclosed  in  the
               Registration Statement and Prospectus, other than those disclosed
               therein, and to such counsel's
                                       24
               Actual Knowledge,  all pending legal and governmental proceedings
               to which the Company,  the MHC or the Bank is a party or of which
               any of their property is the subject,  which are not described in
               the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, including ordinary
               routine litigation incidental to the Company's,  the MHC's or the
               Bank's business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material.
                    (xvi)  To such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  there  are no
               material  contracts,  indentures,   mortgages,  loan  agreements,
               notes,  leases or other  instruments  required to be described or
               referred to in the MHC Application, the Registration Statement or
               the Prospectus or required to be filed as exhibits  thereto other
               than those  described or referred to therein or filed as exhibits
               thereto in the MHC Application, the Registration Statement or the
               Prospectus.   The  description  in  the  MHC   Application,   the
               Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus of such documents and
               exhibits is accurate in all material respects and fairly presents
               the information required to be shown.
                    (xvii) To such counsel's Actual Knowledge,  the Company, the
               MHC and the Bank have  conducted  the  Offering,  in all material
               respects,  in accordance with all applicable  requirements of the
               Plan and  applicable  federal  law,  except  that no  opinion  is
               rendered   with   respect  to  (a)  the  MHC   Application,   the
               Registration Statement or Prospectus,  which are covered by other
               clauses   of  this   opinion,   (b)  the   satisfaction   of  the
               post-Offering  conditions  in the OTS  Regulations  or in the OTS
               approval of the MHC Application, (c) the securities or "blue sky"
               laws of various jurisdictions,  and (d) the rules and regulations
               of the NASD. The Plan complies in all material  respects with all
               applicable federal laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders
               including, but not limited to, the MHC Regulations;  no order has
               been issued by the OTS, the  Commission,  the FDIC,  or any state
               authority to suspend the  Offering or the use of the  Prospectus,
               and no action for such purposes has been  instituted  or, to such
               counsel's   Actual   Knowledge,   threatened   by  the  OTS,  the
               Commission,  the FDIC,  or any state  authority and no person has
               sought  to  obtain  regulatory  or  judicial  review of the final
               action of the OTS, approving the Plan, the MHC Application or the
               Prospectus.
                    (xviii) To such counsel's Actual Knowledge, the Company, the
               MHC and the Bank have obtained all material licenses, permits and
               other  governmental  authorizations  currently  required  for the
               conduct of their  businesses and all such  licenses,  permits and
               other  governmental  authorizations are in full force and effect,
               and  the  Company,  the  MHC and  the  Bank  are in all  material
               respects  complying  therewith,  except where the failure to have
               such licenses,  permits and other governmental  authorizations or
               the  failure  to be in  compliance  therewith  would  not  have a
               material adverse effect on the
                                       25
               business  or  operations  of the Bank,  the MHC and the  Company,
               taken as a whole.
                    (xix)  To  such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  neither  the
               Company,  the MHC nor the Bank is in violation of its articles of
               incorporation   and  bylaws  or  its  Charter   and  bylaws,   as
               appropriate or, to such counsel's Actual Knowledge, in default or
               violation  of any  obligation,  agreement,  covenant or condition
               contained in any contract,  indenture,  mortgage, loan agreement,
               note,  lease  or  other  instrument  to which it is a party or by
               which it or its property may be bound,  except for such  defaults
               or violations  which would not have a material  adverse impact on
               the financial  condition or results of operations of the Company,
               the MHC and the Bank on a consolidated  basis;  to such counsel's
               Actual  Knowledge,  the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
               the  occurrence  of the  obligations  herein  set  forth  and the
               consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  herein will not
               conflict  with or  constitute a breach of, or default  under,  or
               result in the  creation  or  imposition  of any  lien,  charge or
               encumbrance  upon any property or assets of the Company,  the MHC
               or  the  Bank  pursuant  to  any  material  contract,  indenture,mortgage,  loan  agreement,  note,  lease or other  instrument to
               which the Company, the MHC or the Bank is a party or by which any
               of them may be bound,  or to which any of the  property or assets
               of the Company, the MHC or the Bank are subject; and, such action
               will  not  result  in  any  violation  of the  provisions  of the
               certificate  of  incorporation  or bylaws of the  Company  or the
               Charter  or bylaws  of the MHC or the Bank or, to such  counsel's
               Actual  Knowledge,  result  in any  violation  of any  applicable
               federal law, act, regulation (except that no opinion with respect
               to the securities and blue sky laws of various  jurisdictions  or
               the rules or  regulations  of the NASD need be rendered) or order
               or court order, writ, injunction or decree.
                    (xx) The  Company's  articles  of  incorporation  and bylaws
               comply in all material  respects with the regulations of the OTS.
               The Bank's and MHC's  charter and bylaws  comply in all  material
               respects with the rules and regulations of the OTS.
                    (xxi)  To  such  counsel's  Actual  Knowledge,  neither  the
               Company,  the MHC nor the Bank is in violation  of any  directive
               from  the OTS or the  FDIC to make  any  material  change  in the
               method of conducting its respective business.
                    (xxii) The information in the Prospectus  under the captions
               "Regulation," "The Stock Offering,"  "Restrictions on Acquisition
               of  the  Alamogordo   Financial  and   Alamogordo   Federal"  and
               "Description  of Capital Stock of the  Alamogordo  Financial," to
               the extent that such information constitutes
                                       26
               matters  of  law,  summaries  of  legal  matters,   documents  or
               proceedings,  or legal  conclusions,  has been  reviewed  by such
               counsel and is correct in all material  respects.  The discussion
               of  statutes  or  regulations  described  or  referred  to in the
               Prospectus   are  accurate   summaries  and  fairly  present  the
               information   required  to  be  shown.  The  information  in  the
               Prospectus relating to the tax consequences of the stock offering
               has been  reviewed  by such  counsel  and  fairly  describes  the
               opinions  rendered  by Luse Lehman  Gorman  Pomerenk & Schick and
               _____________________  to the Company,  the MHC and the Bank with
               respect to such matters.
                    (xxiii) The  Company  and the MHC have been duly  registered
               and are in good  standing as savings and loan  holding  companies
               under the HOLA.
                    (xxiv) In addition, such counsel shall state that during the
               preparation of the MHC Application,  the  Registration  Statement
               and the Prospectus, they participated in conferences with certain
               officers of, the independent public and internal accountants for,
               and other  representatives of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank,
               at which  conferences  the contents of the MHC  Application,  the
               Registration  Statement and the  Prospectus  and related  matters
               were  discussed  and,  while such counsel have not  confirmed the
               accuracy or completeness of or otherwise verified the information
               contained in the MHC Application,  the Registration  Statement or
               the  Prospectus,  and do not assume any  responsibility  for such
               information,   based  upon  such  conferences  and  a  review  of
               documents deemed relevant for the purpose of rendering their view
               (relying as to materiality as to factual  matters on certificates
               of officers and other factual representations by the Company, the
               MHC and the Bank), nothing has come to their attention that would
               lead them to believe that the MHC  Application,  the Registration
               Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto
               (other than the  financial  statements,  the notes  thereto,  and
               other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included
               therein as to which no view need be rendered) contained an untrue
               statement of a material  fact or omitted to state a material fact
               required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
               therein,  in light of the  circumstances  under  which  they were
               made, not misleading.
         In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely as to all matters of fact
on  certificates  of officers or directors of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank
and certificates of public officials. The opinion of Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk
& Schick  shall be  governed  by the  Legal  Opinion  Accord  ("Accord")  of the
American  Bar  Association  Section of  Business  Law (1991).  The term  "Actual
Knowledge"  as used herein  shall have the meaning set forth in the Accord.  For
purposes of such opinion, no proceedings shall be deemed to be pending, no order
or stop order shall be deemed to be issued,  and no action shall be deemed to be
instituted unless, in each case, a director or executive officer of the Company,
the MHC or the Bank shall have received a copy of such
                                       27
proceedings,  order,  stop order or action.  In  addition,  such  opinion may be
limited to present  statutes,  regulations and judicial  interpretations  and tofacts as they  presently  exist;  in rendering  such opinion,  such counsel need
assume no  obligation  to revise or  supplement  it should the  present  laws be
changed by legislative or regulatory action, judicial decision or otherwise; and
such counsel need express no view, opinion or belief with respect to whether any
proposed  or  pending  legislation,  if  enacted,  or any  proposed  or  pending
regulations or policy statements issued by any regulatory agency, whether or not
promulgated  pursuant to any such legislation,  would affect the validity of the
Offering or any aspect  thereof.  Such counsel may assume that any  agreement is
the valid and binding obligation of any parties to such agreement other than the
Company, the MHC or the Bank.
         The  favorable  opinion,  dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to
the  Agent and for their  benefit,  of the  Bank's  local  counsel,  in form and
substance to the effect that, to the best of such counsel's  knowledge,  (i) the
Company,  the MHC and the Bank have good and marketable  title to all properties
and assets which are  material to the  business of the Company,  the MHC and the
Bank and to those properties and assets described in the Registration  Statement
and  Prospectus,  as owned  by them,  free  and  clear  of all  liens,  charges,
encumbrances or  restrictions,  except such as are described in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus, or are not material in relation to the business of the
Company,  the MHC and the Bank  considered  as one  enterprise;  (ii) all of the
leases and  subleases  material to the business of the Company,  the MHC and the
Bank under which the Company, the MHC and the Bank hold properties, as described
in the Registration Statement and Prospectus,  are in full force and effect; and
(iii) the Bank is duly qualified as a foreign  corporation to transact  business
and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction in which its ownership of property
or  leasing  of  property  or  the  conduct  of  its  business   requires   such
qualification,  unless  the  failure to be so  qualified  in one or more of such
jurisdictions  would  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  condition,
financial or otherwise, or the business, operations or income of the Bank.
          (d)  At the Closing Date,  the Agent shall have received the favorable
               opinion,  dated as of the  Closing  Date,  of Silver,  Freedman &
               Taff, L.L.P.,  the Agent's counsel,  with respect to such matters
               as the Agent may reasonably  require.  Such opinion may rely upon
               the opinions of counsel to the Company, the MHC and the Bank, and
               as  to  matters  of  fact,  upon  certificates  of  officers  and
               directors of the Company, the MHC and the Bank delivered pursuant
               hereto or as such counsel shall reasonably request.
          (e)  At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a certificate of the
               Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  Principal  Financial  and/or
               Accounting  Officer of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank in form
               and substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to the Agent's  Counsel,
               dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that:  (i) they have
               carefully  reviewed the Prospectus and, in their opinion,  at the
               time  the  Prospectus   became  authorized  for  final  use,  the
               Prospectus  did not  contain any untrue  statement  of a material
               fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary in order to make
               the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
               they were made, not misleading; (ii) since
                                       28
               the date the Prospectus became authorized for final use, no event
               has occurred  which should have been set forth in an amendment or
               supplement  to the  Prospectus  which has not been so set  forth,
               including  specifically,  but without  limitation,  any  material
               adverse  change in the condition,  financial or otherwise,  or in
               the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Company, the
               MHC or the Bank,  and the  conditions set forth in this Section 7
               have been satisfied; (iii) since the respective dates as of which
               information  is  given  in the  Registration  Statement  and  the
               Prospectus,  there  has been no  material  adverse  change in the
               condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital or
               properties of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, independently, or
               of  the  Company,  the  MHC  and  the  Bank,  considered  as  one
               enterprise,  whether  or not  arising in the  ordinary  course of
               business;  (iv) the  representations  and warranties in Section 4
               are true and  correct  with the same  force and  effect as though
               expressly  made at and as of the Closing  Date;  (v) the Company,
               MHC and the Bank have complied in all material  respects with all
               agreements  and  satisfied  all  conditions  on their  part to be
               performed  or  satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date and will
               comply  in all  material  respects  with  all  obligations  to be
               satisfied  by  them  after  the  Offering;  (vi)  no  stop  order
               suspending the  effectiveness of the  Registration  Statement has
               been initiated or, to the best knowledge of the Company,  the MHC
               or the Bank, threatened by the Commission or any state authority;
               (vii) no order  suspending the Offering or the  effectiveness  of
               the  Prospectus  has  been  issued  and no  proceedings  for that
               purpose are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, the
               MHC or the Bank, threatened by the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC,
               or any state  authority;  and (viii) to the best knowledge of the
               Company,  the MHC or the  Bank,  no person  has  sought to obtain
               review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan.
          (f)  Prior to and at the Closing Date: (i) in the  reasonable  opinion
               of the Agent, there shall have been no material adverse change in
               the  condition,  financial  or  otherwise,  or in the earnings or
               business of the Company, the MHC or the Bank independently, or of
               the Company, the MHC and the Bank,  considered as one enterprise,from that as of the latest  dates as of which such  condition  is
               set forth in the Prospectus other than  transactions  referred to
               or contemplated  therein;  (ii) the Company,  the MHC or the Bank
               shall not have  received  from the OTS or the FDIC any  direction
               (oral or  written) to make any  material  change in the method of
               conducting  their business with which it has not complied  (which
               direction,  if any,  shall have been  disclosed  to the Agent) or
               which   materially  and  adversely  would  affect  the  business,
               operations or financial  condition or income of the Company,  the
               MHC and the Bank taken as a whole; (iii) the Company, the MHC and
               the Bank shall not have been in default  (nor shall an event have
               occurred  which,  with  notice  or lapse  of time or both,  would
               constitute a default) under any provision of
                                       29
               any   agreement  or  instrument   relating  to  any   outstanding
               indebtedness;  (iv) no action,  suit or proceeding,  at law or in
               equity or before or by any federal or state commission,  board or
               other  administrative   agency,  shall  be  pending  or,  to  the
               knowledge of the Company, the MHC or the Bank, threatened against
               the  Company,  the MHC or the  Bank  or  affecting  any of  their
               properties  wherein an  unfavorable  decision,  ruling or finding
               would materially and adversely  affect the business,  operations,
               financial  condition  or income of the  Company,  the MHC and the
               Bank taken as a whole;  and (v) the Shares have been qualified or
               registered for offering and sale or exempted  therefrom under the
               securities  or blue sky laws of the  jurisdictions  as the  Agent
               shall have reasonably  requested and as agreed to by the Company,
               the MHC and the Bank.
          (g)  Concurrently  with the  execution  of this  Agreement,  the Agent
               shall  receive a letter from The  Accounting &  Consulting  Group
               L.L.P.  dated as of the date of the  Prospectus  and addressed to
               the Agent:  (i) confirming that The Accounting & Consulting Group
               L.L.P.  is a firm  of  independent  public  accounts  within  the
               meaning  of Rule 101 of the Code of  Professional  Ethics  of the
               American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and applicable
               regulations  of the OTS and stating in effect that in its opinion
               the  consolidated  financial  statements,  schedules  and related
               notes of the Bank as of September  30, 1999 and 1998 and for each
               of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1998, as are
               included in the Prospectus and covered by their opinion  included
               therein,  comply  as to form in all  material  respects  with the
               applicable  accounting  requirements and related  published rules
               and  regulations  of the OTS and the 1933 Act;  (ii)  stating  in
               effect that, on the basis of certain agreed upon  procedures (but
               not an audit  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
               standards)  consisting  of a  reading  of  the  latest  available
               unaudited interim  consolidated  financial statements of the Bank
               prepared by the Bank, a reading of the minutes of the meetings of
               the Board of Directors and members of the Bank and  consultations
               with  officers  of  the  Bank   responsible   for  financial  and
               accounting matters,  nothing came to their attention which caused
               them to believe  that:  (A) the  unaudited  financial  statements
               included in the  Prospectus  are not in conformity  with the 1933
               Act, applicable accounting  requirements of the OTS and generally
               accepted  accounting  principles applied on a basis substantially
               consistent with that of the audited financial statements included
               in the Prospectus;  or (b) during the period from the date of the
               latest unaudited  consolidated  financial  statements included in
               the  Prospectus to a specified  date not more than three business
               days  prior to the  date of the  Prospectus,  except  as has been
               described   in  the   Prospectus,   there  was  any  increase  in
               borrowings, other than normal deposit fluctuations,  by the Bank;
               or (c) there was any decrease in the  consolidated  net assets of
               the Bank at the date of such letter as compared with amounts
                                       30
               shown in the latest unaudited consolidated statement of condition
               included in the  Prospectus;  and (iii) stating that, in addition
               to  the  audit  referred  to in  their  opinion  included  in the
               Prospectus and the  performance of the procedures  referred to in
               clause (ii) of this  subsection  (f), they have compared with the
               general  accounting records of the Bank, which are subject to the
               internal  controls of the Bank, the  accounting  system and other
               data prepared by the Bank, directly from such accounting records,
               to the extent  specified  in such  letter,  such  amounts  and/or
               percentages  set  forth  in  the  Prospectus  as  the  Agent  may
               reasonably request; and they have reported on the results of such
               comparisons.
          (h)  At the Closing  Date,  the Agent shall receive a letter dated the
               Closing Date,  addressed to the Agent,  confirming the statements
               made by The  Accounting & Consulting  Group L.L.P.  in the letter
               delivered by it pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 7, the
               "specified  date"  referred to in clause (ii) of  subsection  (f)thereof to be a date specified in such letter, which shall not be
               more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.
          (i)  At the Closing  Date,  the Agent  shall  receive a letter from RP
               Financial LC, dated the date thereof and addressed to counsel for
               the Agent (i)  confirming  that said firm is  independent  of the
               Company,  the MHC and the Bank and is  experienced  and expert in
               the area of corporate  appraisals  within the meaning of Title 12
               of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 563b.7(f)(1)(i), (ii)
               stating  in  effect  that the  Appraisal  prepared  by such  firm
               complies   in  all   material   respects   with  the   applicable
               requirements of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations,  and
               (iii)  further  stating that their  opinion of the  aggregate pro
               forma market value of the Company, the MHC and the Bank expressed
               in  their  Appraisal  dated as of  December  __,  1999,  and most
               recently updated, remains in effect.
          (j)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall not have sustained since
               the  date of the  latest  financial  statements  included  in the
               Prospectus  any material loss or  interference  with its business
               from fire,  explosion,  flood or other  calamity,  whether or not
               covered  by  insurance,  or from any  labor  dispute  or court or
               governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth
               or contemplated in the Registration  Statement and Prospectus and
               since the  respective  dates as of which  information is given in
               the Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  there shall not have
               been any change in the long- term debt of the Company, the MHC or
               the Bank other than debt  incurred in relation to the purchase of
               Shares  by the  Bank's  Eligible  Plans,  or any  change,  or any
               development  involving a prospective  change, in or affecting the
               general affairs,  management,  financial position,  stockholders'
               equity or  results  of  operations  of the  Company  or the Bank,
               otherwise than as set forth or
                                       31
               contemplated in the  Registration  Statement and Prospectus,  the
               effect of  which,  in any such case  described  above,  is in the
               Agent's reasonable judgment  sufficiently material and adverse as
               to make it  impracticable  or  inadvisable  to  proceed  with the
               Subscription  Offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms
               and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.
          (k)  At or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent shall  receive:  (i) a
               copy of the letters from the OTS  approving  the MHC  Application
               copy of the letters from the OTS  approving  the MHC  Application
               and  authorizing  the use of the  Prospectus;  (ii) a copy of the
               order from the Commission  declaring the  Registration  Statement
               effective;  (iii)  certificate  of  good  standing  from  the OTS
               evidencing  the good standing of the Company;  (iv) a certificate
               from the FDIC evidencing the Bank's insurance of accounts;  (v) a
               certificate of the FHLB-Dallas  evidencing the Bank's  membership
               thereof; (vi) a certificate from the OTS evidencing the Company's
               and the MHC's  standing as  registered  savings and loan  holding
               companies;  (vii) a copy of the Bank's federal stock charter; and
               (viii) a copy of the Company's federal charter; and (viii) a copy
               of the MHC's federal charter.
          (l)  Subsequent to the date hereof,  there shall not have occurred any
               of the  following:  (i) a suspension  or limitation in trading in
               securities  generally  on the New York Stock  Exchange  or in the
               over-the-counter  market,  or quotations  halted generally on the
               Nasdaq, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed,
               or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required by
               either  of  such  exchanges  or  the  NASD  or by  order  of  the
               Commission or any other  governmental  authority;  (ii) a general
               moratorium on the operations of commercial banks, federal savings
               institutions  or  a  general  moratorium  on  the  withdrawal  of
               deposits from commercial  banks or federal  savings  institutions
               declared  by federal  authorities;  (iii) the  engagement  by the
               United  States  in   hostilities   which  have  resulted  in  the
               declaration, on or after the date hereof, of a national emergency
               or war; or (iv) a material decline in the price of equity or debt
               securities if the effect of such a declaration or decline, in the
               Agent's   reasonable   judgement,   makes  it   impracticable  or
               inadvisable  to proceed  with the Offering or the delivery of the
               shares  on  the  terms  and  in the  manner  contemplated  in the
               Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
          (m)  At or prior to the Closing Date,  counsel to the Agent shall have
               been  furnished  with such  documents  and  opinions  as they may
               reasonably  require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon
               the  sale  of the  Shares  as  herein  contemplated  and  related
               proceedings   or  in  order  to  evidence   the   occurrence   or
               completeness of any of the representations or warranties,  or the
               fulfillment of any of the conditions,  herein contained;  and all
               proceedings  taken  by  the  Company,  the  MHC or  the  Bank  in
               connection with the Offering and the sale
                                       32of the Shares as herein  contemplated  shall be  satisfactory  in
               form and substance to the Agent and its counsel.
         Section 8. Indemnification.
          (a)  The Company,  the MHC and the Bank jointly and severally agree to
               indemnify and hold harmless the Agent,  its  respective  officers
               and directors, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who
               controls  the Agent  within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933
               Act or Section  20(a) of the 1934 Act,  against any and all loss,
               liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including but not
               limited to settlement expenses), joint or several, that the Agent
               or any of them may  suffer  or to which  the  Agent  and any such
               persons may become subject under all applicable  federal or state
               laws or  otherwise,  and to promptly  reimburse the Agent and any
               such  persons  upon  written  demand for any  expense  (including
               reasonable  fees and  disbursements  of counsel)  incurred by the
               Agent or any of them in connection with investigating,  preparing
               or  defending  any  actions,   proceedings  or  claims   (whether
               commenced  or  threatened)  to the extent  such  losses,  claims,
               damages,  liabilities  or actions:  (i) arise out of or are based
               upon any  untrue  statement  or  alleged  untrue  statement  of a
               material  fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement (or any
               amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus
               (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application (or
               any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  or any  instrument  or
               document  executed by the  Company,  the MHC or the Bank or based
               upon written information  supplied by the Company, the MHC or the
               Bank filed in any state or  jurisdiction  to  register or qualify
               any or all of the Shares or to claim an exemption  therefrom,  or
               provided to any state or  jurisdiction to exempt the Company as a
               broker-dealer  or  its  officers,   directors  and  employees  as
               broker-dealers  or  agent,  under  the  securities  laws  thereof
               (collectively,  the "Blue  Sky  Application"),  or any  document,
               advertisement,    oral   statement   or   communication   ("Sales
               Information")  prepared,  made or executed by or on behalf of the
               Company,  the MHC or the Bank with  their  consent  or based upon
               written  or oral  information  furnished  by or on  behalf of the
               Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank,  whether  or  not  filed  in any
               jurisdiction,  in order to qualify or  register  the Shares or to
               claim an exemption  therefrom  under the securities laws thereof;
               (ii)  arise  out of or are based  upon the  omission  or  alleged
               omission  to  state  in  any  of  the   foregoing   documents  or
               information,  a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or
               necessary  to  make  the  statements  therein,  in  light  of the
               circumstances  under  which they were made,  not  misleading;  or
               (iii) arise from any theory of liability  whatsoever  relating to
               or arising from or based upon the Registration  Statement (or any
               amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus
               (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application
                                       33
               (or  any   amendment  or  supplement   thereto),   any  Blue  Sky
               Application   or  Sales   Information   or  other   documentation
               distributed in connection with the Offering;  provided,  however,
               that no  indemnification  is required under this paragraph (a) to
               the extent such losses, claims,  damages,  liabilities or actions
               arise out of or are based upon any untrue  material  statement or
               alleged  untrue  material  statement in, or material  omission or
               alleged material  omission from, the  Registration  Statement (or
               any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final
               Prospectus  (or any  amendment or  supplement  thereto),  the MHC
               Application  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  any Blue
               Sky Application or Sales Information made in reliance upon and in
               conformity with information  furnished in writing to the Company,
               the MHC or the Bank by the  Agent or its  counsel  regarding  the
               Agent  provided,  that it is agreed and understood  that the only
               information  furnished in writing to the Company,  the MHC or the
               Bank  by the  Agent  regarding  the  Agent  is set  forth  in the
               Prospectus;  and,  provided  further,  that such  indemnification
               shall be to the extent  permitted by the  Commissioner,  the OTS,
               the FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve.  The
               indemnification  provided for in this  paragraph (a) shall not be
               applicable with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage, or
               expense  whatsoever if it is  determined  by final  judgment of a
               court  having  jurisdiction  over  the  matter  that  such  loss,
               liability, claim, damage or expense was primarily a result of the
               Agent's willful misconduct or gross negligence.
          (b)  The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,  the
               MHC and the Bank,  their  directors and officers and each person,
               if any, who controls the Company,  the MHC or the Bank within the
               meaning of  Section  15 of the 1933 Act or  Section  20(a) of the
               1934 Act against any and all loss,  liability,  claim,  damage or
               expense  whatsoever  (including  but not  limited  to  settlement
               expenses),  joint or  several,  which they,  or any of them,  may
               suffer or to which they, or any of them may become  subject under
               all  applicable  federal  and  state  laws or  otherwise,  and to
               promptly  reimburse the Company,  the MHC, the Bank, and any such
               persons   upon  written   demand  for  any  expenses   (includingreasonable fees and  disbursements of counsel)  incurred by them,
               or any of them, in connection  with  investigating,  preparing or
               defending any actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced
               or  threatened)  to the  extent  such  losses,  claims,  damages,
               liabilities  or  actions:  (i) arise out of or are based upon any
               untrue  statement or alleged untrue  statement of a material fact
               contained  in the  Registration  Statement  (or any  amendment or
               supplement  thereto),  the MHC  Application  (or any amendment or
               supplement thereto),  the preliminary or final Prospectus (or any
               amendment or supplement  thereto),  any Blue Sky  Application  or
               Sales  Information,  (ii) are based upon the  omission or alleged
               omission  to state in any of the  foregoing  documents a material
               fact required to be stated therein
                                       34
               or necessary to make the statements  therein, in the light of the
               circumstances  under  which they were made,  not  misleading,  or
               (iii) arise from any theory of liability  whatsoever  relating to
               or arising from or based upon the Registration  Statement (or any
               amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus
               (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the MHC Application (or
               any amendment or supplement  thereto),or any Blue Sky Application
               or  Sales  Information  or  other  documentation  distributed  in
               connection with the Offering; provided, however, that the Agent's
               obligations  under this Section 8(b) shall exist only if and only
               to the extent (i) that such untrue  statement  or alleged  untrue
               statement was made in, or such material fact or alleged  material
               fact  was  omitted  from,  the  Registration  Statement  (or  any
               amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  the  preliminary  or  final
               Prospectus  (or any  amendment or  supplement  thereto),  the MHC
               Application (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or any Blue
               Sky  Application  or Sales  Information  in reliance  upon and in
               conformity with information  furnished in writing to the Company,
               the MHC or the Bank by the  Agent or its  counsel  regarding  the
               Agent,  provided,  that it is agreed and understood that the only
               information  furnished in writing to the Company,  the MHC or the
               Bank  by the  Agent  regarding  the  Agent  is set  forth  in the
               Prospectus.  The  indemnification  provided for in this Section 8
               (b) shall not be applicable with respect to any loss,  liability,
               claim, damage, or expense whatsoever if it is determined by final
               judgment of a court having jurisdiction over the matter that such
               loss, liability,  claim, damage or expense was primarily a result
               of the Company's,  the MHC's or the Bank's willful  misconduct or
               gross negligence.
          (c)  Each  indemnified  party shall give prompt written notice to each
               indemnifying  party of any  action,  proceeding,  claim  (whether
               commenced  or  threatened),  or  suit  instituted  against  it in
               respect of which indemnity may be sought  hereunder,  but failure
               to so notify an indemnifying  party shall not relieve it from any
               liability  which  it may have on  account  of this  Section  8 or
               otherwise.  An  indemnifying  party  may  participate  at its own
               expense in the  defense of such  action.  In  addition,  if it so
               elects within a reasonable time after receipt of such notice,  an
               indemnifying party,  jointly with any other indemnifying  parties
               receiving  such  notice,  may assume  defense of such action with
               counsel chosen by it and approved by the indemnified parties that
               are defendants in such action,  unless such  indemnified  parties
               reasonably object to such assumption on the ground that there may
               be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in
               addition to those  available to such  indemnifying  party.  If an
               indemnifying  party  assumes  the  defense  of such  action,  the
               indemnifying  parties  shall  not be  liable  for  any  fees  and
               expenses  of  counsel  for  the  indemnified   parties   incurred
               thereafter in connection  with such action,  proceeding or claim,
               other than reasonable costs
                                       35
               of investigation.  In no event shall the indemnifying  parties be
               liable for the fees and expenses of more than one  separate  firm
               of attorneys (and any special  counsel that said firm may retain)
               for each  indemnified  party in  connection  with any one action,
               proceeding  or claim or separate but similar or related  actions,
               proceedings or claims in the same jurisdiction arising out of the
               same general allegations or circumstances.
          (d)  The  agreements  contained  in this  Section  8 and in  Section 9
               hereof and the representations and warranties of the Company, the
               MHC  and the  Bank  set  forth  in this  Agreement  shall  remain
               operative  and in full  force and effect  regardless  of: (i) any
               investigation  made by or on behalf  of agent or their  officers,
               directors or controlling persons,  agent or employees or by or on
               behalf  of the  Company,  the MHC or the  Bank  or any  officers,
               directors  or  controlling  persons,  agent or  employees  of the
               Company,  the  MHC or the  Bank;  (ii)  delivery  of and  payment
               hereunder  for the  Shares;  or  (iii)  any  termination  of thisAgreement.
         Section 9.  Contribution.  In order to provide  for just and  equitable
contribution  in  circumstances  in which the  indemnification  provided  for in
Section 8 is due in  accordance  with its terms but is for any reason  held by a
court to be unavailable  from the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or the Agent,  the
Company,  the MHC,  the Bank and the Agent  shall  contribute  to the  aggregate
losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including any investigation,  legal and
other  expenses  incurred in connection  with, and any amount paid in settlement
of, any action,  suit or proceeding of any claims asserted,  but after deducting
any  contribution  received by the Company,  the MHC, the Bank or the Agent from
persons  other  than  the  other  party  thereto,  who may  also be  liable  for
contribution)  in such  proportion  so that the  Agent is  responsible  for that
portion  represented by the percentage  that the fees paid to the Agent pursuant
to  Section 2 of this  Agreement  (not  including  expenses)  bears to the gross
proceeds  received by the Company  from the sale of the Shares in the  Offering,
and the Company,  the MHC and the Bank shall be responsible for the balance. If,
however,  the allocation provided above is not permitted by applicable law or if
the indemnified  party failed to give the notice required under Section 8 above,
then each indemnifying  party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by
such indemnified  party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
such relative fault of the Company, the MHC and the Bank on the one hand and the
Agent on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted
in such losses,  claims,  damages or  liabilities  (or actions,  proceedings  or
claims in respect  thereto),  but also the  relative  benefits  received  by the
Company,  the MHC and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the  other  from
the Offering (before deducting expenses). The relative fault shall be determined
by  reference  to,  among other  things,  whether  the untrue or alleged  untrue
statement  of a material  fact or the  omission  or alleged  omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, the MHC and/or the
Bank on the one hand or the Agent on the other and the parties' relative intent,
good faith,  knowledge,  access to  information  and  opportunity  to correct or
prevent such statement or omission. The Company, the MHC, the Bank and the Agent
agree that it would not be just and equitable if  contribution  pursuant to this
Section 9 were determined by pro-rata allocation or by any other
                                       36
method  of   allocation   which  does  not  take  into  account  the   equitable
considerations  referred to above in this  Section 9. The amount paid or payable
by  an  indemnified  party  as a  result  of  the  losses,  claims,  damages  or
liabilities (or actions,  proceedings or claims in respect thereof)  referred to
above in this  Section 9 shall be deemed to include any legal or other  expenses
reasonably  incurred by such indemnified party in connection with  investigating
or defending any such action,  proceeding or claim. It is expressly  agreed that
the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability,  claim, damage or expense
or be required  to  contribute  any amount  which in the  aggregate  exceeds the
amount paid (excluding reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement.
It is understood  that the above stated  limitation on the Agent's  liability is
essential  to the  Agent and that the Agent  would  not have  entered  into this
Agreement  if such  limitation  had not been  agreed to by the  parties  to this
Agreement.  No person found guilty of any fraudulent  misrepresentation  (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to  contribution
from any person who was not found guilty of such  fraudulent  misrepresentation.
The  obligations  of the Company,  the MHC and the Bank under this Section 9 and
under Section 8 shall be in addition to any liability  which the Company and the
Bank may  otherwise  have.  For purposes of this Section 9, each of the Agent's,
the Company's,  the MHC or the Bank's officers and directors and each person, if
any,  who  controls  the Agent or the  Company or the MHC or the Bank within the
meaning  of the  1933  Act and the  1934 Act  shall  have  the  same  rights  to
contribution as the Agent, the Company,  the MHC or the Bank. Any party entitled
to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action,
suit,  claim or  proceeding  against  such party in respect of which a claim for
contribution may be made against another party under this Section 9, will notify
such party from whom  contribution may be sought,  but the omission to so notify
such party shall not relieve the party from whom contribution may be sought from
any other  obligation it may have hereunder or otherwise than under this Section
9.
         Section 10. Survival of Agreements,  Representations  and  Indemnities.
The respective  indemnities of the Company,  the MHC, the Bank and the Agent and
the representations and warranties and other statements of the Company, the MHC,
the Bank and the Agent set forth in or made  pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall
remain in full force and effect,  regardless of any  termination or cancellation
of this Agreement or any  investigation  made by or on behalf of the Agent,  the
Company,  the MHC, the Bank or any  controlling  person referred to in Section 8
hereof,  and shall  survive the  issuance of the Shares,  and any  successor  or
assign of the Agent,  the Company,  the MHC, the Bank, and any such  controlling
person  shall  be  entitled  to  the  benefit  of  the  respective   agreements,
indemnities, warranties and representations.
         Section 11.  Termination.  The Agent may  terminate  this  Agreement by
giving  the  notice  indicated  below in this  Section 11 at any time after this
Agreement becomes effective as follows:
          (a)  In the  event  the  Company  fails to sell the  required  minimum
               number of the Shares by _________,  2000, and in accordance  with
               the provisions of the Plan or as required by the MHC Regulations,
               and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by
               the Company to each person who has  subscribed for or ordered any
               of the Shares the full amount which it may37
               have  received  from  such  person,  together  with  interest  as
               provided in the Prospectus,  and no party to this Agreement shall
               have any obligation to the other hereunder, except for payment by
               the  Company,  the MHC and/or  the Bank as set forth in  Sections
               2(a), 6, 8 and 9 hereof.
          (b)  If any of the  conditions  specified  in Section 7 shall not have
               been  fulfilled  when and as  required by this  Agreement  unless
               waived in writing, or by the Closing Date, this Agreement and all
               of the Agent's  obligations  hereunder  may be  cancelled  by the
               Agent  by  notifying  the  Company,  the MHC and the Bank of such
               cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to
               the  Closing  Date,  and any such  cancellation  shall be without
               liability  of any party to any other  party  except as  otherwise
               provided in Sections 2(a), 6, 8 and 9 hereof.
          (c)  If the Agent  elects to terminate  this  Agreement as provided in
               this Section, the Company, the MHC and the Bank shall be notified
               promptly by telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.
         The Company,  the MHC and the Bank may terminate  this Agreement in the
event the Agent is in material breach of the  representations  and warranties or
covenants  contained  in Section 5 and such  breach has not been cured after the
Company,  the MHC and the Bank  have  provided  the  Agent  with  notice of such
breach.
         This Agreement may also be terminated by mutual written  consent of the
parties hereto.
         Section 12. Notices.  All  communications  hereunder,  except as herein
otherwise specifically  provided,  shall be mailed in writing and if sent to the
Agent shall be mailed,  delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to Charles Webb &
Company,  a Division of Keefe,  Bruyette & Woods,  Inc., 211 Bradenton,  Dublin,
Ohio 43017-3514,  Attention: Patricia A. McJoynt, Executive Vice President (with
a copy to Silver, Freedman & Taff, L.L.P., Attention: Martin L. Meyrowitz, P.C.)
and, if sent to the Company, the MHC and the Bank, shall be mailed, delivered or
telegraphed  and  confirmed  to the  Company,  the MHC and the  Bank at 500 10th
Street, Alamogordo, New Mexico 88310-0690, Attention: Miles Ledgewood, President
(with a copy to Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, Attention: Eric Luse).
         Section  13.  Parties.  The  Company,  the MHC and the  Bank  shall  be
entitled to act and rely on any request,  notice,  consent,  waiver or agreement
purportedly  given on behalf of the Agent when the same shall have been given by
the  undersigned.  The Agent shall be  entitled to act and rely on any  request,
notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf of the Company,
the MHC or the Bank,  when the same shall have been given by the  undersigned or
any other  officer of the Company,  the MHC or the Bank.  This  Agreement  shall
inure  solely to the  benefit  of, and shall be  binding  upon,  the Agent,  the
Company, the MHC, the Bank, and their respective  successors and assigns, and no
other person  shall have or be  construed to have any legal or equitable  right,
remedy
                                       38
or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this  Agreement or any provision
herein  contained.  It is  understood  and  agreed  that this  Agreement  is the
exclusive agreement among the parties hereto, and supersedes any prior agreement
among the  parties  and may not be varied  except in  writing  signed by all the
parties.
         Section 14. Closing.  The closing for the sale of the Shares shall take
place on the Closing Date at such location as mutually  agreed upon by the Agent
and the Company,  the MHC and the Bank. At the closing, the Company, the MHC and
the Bank shall deliver to the Agent in next day funds the commissions,  fees and
expenses  due and owing to the Agent as set forth in Sections 2 and 6 hereof and
the  opinions  and  certificates  required  hereby  and other  documents  deemed
reasonably  necessary by the Agent shall be executed and delivered to effect the
sale of the  Shares as  contemplated  hereby  and  pursuant  to the terms of the
Prospectus.
         Section 15. Partial Invalidity.  In the event that any term,  provision
or covenant herein or the application  thereof to any  circumstance or situation
shall be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder hereof and
the application of said term,  provision or covenant to any other  circumstances
or situation shall not be affected thereby, and each term, provision or covenant
herein shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.
         Section  16.  Construction.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.
         Section 17.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in separate
counterparts,  each of which so executed and delivered shall be an original, but
all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
         If the  foregoing  correctly  sets  forth  the  arrangement  among  the
Company,  the MHC, the Bank and the Agent, please indicate acceptance thereof inthe space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and the Agent's
acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.
         Section 18. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement,  including schedules and
exhibits hereto,  which are integral parts hereof and incorporated as though set
forth in full,  constitutes the entire agreement between the parties  pertaining
to the subject matter hereof  superseding  any and all prior or  contemporaneous
oral  or  prior   written   agreements,   proposals,   letters   of  intent  and
understandings,  and cannot be modified, changed, waived or terminated except by
a writing  which  expressly  states  that it is an  amendment,  modification  or
waiver, refers to this Agreement and is signed by the party
                                       39
to be charged.  No course of conduct or dealing  shall be  construed  to modify,
amend or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.
                                               Very truly yours,
ALAMOGORDO FINANCIAL                           ALAMOGORDO FEDERAL SAVINGS AND
CORPORATION                                    LOAN ASSOCIATION
By Its Authorized                              By Its Authorized
Representative:                                Representative:
- ----------------------------                   ---------------------------------
Miles Ledgerwood                               Miles Ledgerwood
Chairman                                       Chairman
AF MUTUAL HOLDING
COMPANY
By Its Authorized
Representative:
- ----------------------------
Miles Ledgerwood
Chairman
Accepted as of the date first above written
Charles Webb & Company, a Division
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
By Its Authorized
Representative:
- -----------------------------
Patricia A. McJoynt
Executive Vice President
                                       40Exhibit 10.26
AGENCY AGREEMENT
THIS AGENCY AGREEMENT, dated November 9, 2005 (“Agreement”), between General Electric Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(together with its successors and assigns, if any,  “Lessor”), and Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the  “Company”). Capitalized
terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease (as that term is defined below).
RECITALS:
WHEREAS, Lessor and the Company have entered into a Master Lease Agreement dated November 9, 2005 wherein Lessor, as the lessor, has
agreed to lease certain items of equipment to the Company (the Master Lease Agreement and all Schedules entered into from time to time
thereunder are hereinafter collectively referred to as the  “Lease”; and all equipment leased thereunder are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
“Equipment”); capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings as provided in the Lease; and
WHEREAS, Lessor desires to appoint the Company its agent to order, receive and, in the name and on behalf of Lessor, the Equipment;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the mutual promises contained herein, as well as other good and valuable
considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
ARTICLE I 
GENERAL UNDERTAKING
Section 1.01 Appointment. Lessor hereby appoints the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to accept such appointment, as the agent of
Lessor, without any fee for acting as such agent, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the purpose of ordering and, subject
to the conditions set forth in Section’s 2.01 and 2.05 hereof, accepting Equipment on Lessor’s behalf for leasing to the Company under the Lease
from the respective supplier thereof (each a  “Supplier” and collectively, the “Suppliers”). It is specifically agreed that all of the power and
authority vested to the Company herein shall be subject to any modifications as may from time to time be made by Lessor.
Section 1.02 Powers. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Company is hereby granted the authority to act, and
hereby agrees to act, on behalf of Lessor and in the name of Lessor, to the extent necessary to carry out its duties under this Agreement.
Section 1.03 Master Lease. This Agreement is entered into in connection with and subject to the terms of the Lease and in the event of a conflict
between the terms of this Agreement and the Lease, the Lease shall control. The Company and Lessor may from time to time hereafter enter into
Equipment Schedules to the Lease, and it is the intent of the parties that this Agreement facilitate the leasing of Equipment under the Lease.
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE, A
COMMITMENT ON THE PART OF EITHER THE COMPANY OR LESSOR TO EXECUTE OR OTHERWISE ENTER INTO ANY EQUIPMENT
SCHEDULES AFTER THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
ARTICLE II 
DUTIES OF AGENT
Section 2.01 Equipment Orders. Upon the written acknowledgment by the Company and Lessor of each jointly approved purchase agreement,
purchase order or invoice  (“Purchase Order”), the Company, pursuant to the agency granted to it by Lessor in Article I hereof, may order, receive,
accept the Equipment to be leased in accordance with the Economic Terms (as hereafter defined and described).
Upon and as of the date of acceptance of the Equipment by the Company and satisfaction of the conditions precedent provided for in the Lease: (a)
Lessor shall be unconditionally obligated to purchase such Equipment pursuant to the terms of the applicable Purchase Order and to lease such
Equipment to the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lease and the applicable completed Schedule; and (b) the Company shall
be unconditionally obligated to lease such Equipment from Lessor pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lease and the applicable completed
Schedule. The leasing of Equipment pursuant to this Agreement shall be in accordance with the Economic Terms set forth in Section 2.05 hereof,
and upon delivery of the Equipment from any Supplier shall be deemed to be leased pursuant to this Agreement and the Lease and be subject to all
of the provisions of the Lease, including without limitation, the insurance and indemnity provisions of the Lease.  Notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary herein, the Company’s ability to act as Lessor’s agent hereunder, and to unconditionally obligate Lessor to purchase Equipment
pursuant to such agency, shall be limited by the following: (i) the Company must disclose to all Suppliers that it is ordering the Equipment as
agent for Lessor; (ii) all of the Equipment ordered and/or accepted hereunder must meet at least one of the general description categories
contained in Section 2:05; (iii) the aggregate Purchase Price for all Equipment purchased in connection with any Schedule must be less than, or
equal to, the Maximum Aggregate Capitalized Lessor’s Cost specified in Section 2:05; (iv) the Equipment must be delivered to, and accepted by,
the Company on or before the Last Delivery Date specified in Section 2:05; (v) the Purchase Price of each unit of Equipment must not be more
than the then current Fair Market Value of such Equipment; (vi) each unit of Equipment must qualify for all the Tax Benefits described in the
applicable Schedule in the hands of Lessor upon the Company’s acceptance thereof from the Supplier and (vii) with respect to any documentation,
technical or confidential business information and/or software relating to the Equipment (collectively, “Software”), the Purchase Order will
grant Lessor a license to use the Software and will allow Lessor to grant a sublicense to the Company to use such Software pursuant to the Lease
and will allow Lessor to grant a sublicense to a third party after a termination or the expiration of the Lease in the event the Company does not
elect to exercise any purchase option that may be provided for in the Lease; and (viii) all conditions precedent set forth in the Lease, including the
delivery and execution of the Schedule and the Certificate of Acceptance, must be completed by no later than the Last Basic Term Commencement
Date specified in Section 2.05.The Company additionally agrees that all Purchase Orders executed by the Company as Lessor’s agent hereunder shall: (A) condition Lessor’s
obligation to pay for and purchase the Equipment on the Company’s acceptance of such Equipment; (B) not permit passage of title or risk of loss
for the Equipment earlier than such acceptance by the Company; (C) not permit the Supplier or any other person or entity to retain any security in,
or lien on, any of the Equipment; and (D) otherwise be on terms and conditions acceptable to Lessor in its sole discretion.
Section 2.02 Receipt of and Payment for Equipment. With respect to any Equipment ordered by the Company as agent for Lessor, the Company
agrees to perform all obligations of the purchaser in the time and manner required by the applicable Purchase Order.
Section 2.03 Payment of Purchase Price. On or before the Lease Commencement Date for any Schedule, the Company shall present to Lessor
documentation (“Purchase Documentation”), in form and substance satisfactory to Lessor in its sole discretion, which (i) describes all units of
Equipment ordered, received and accepted by the Company as agent for Lessor in connection with such Schedule, and (ii) if Company has paid any
Supplier for any of the Equipment, includes evidence of the Purchase Price paid to Supplier for each such unit of Equipment and of passage of title
thereto to Lessor. Upon the latter of (A) Lessor’s receipt of the Purchase Documentation or (B) the satisfaction of all conditions precedent on or
after the applicable Lease Commencement Date, Lessor shall pay the Supplier or reimburse the Company, as the case may be, for the aggregate
Purchase Price for all Equipment purchased hereunder in connection with such schedule.
Section 2.04 Books and Records. The Company shall maintain full and accurate books and records of all Equipment orders, receipts and All such
books and records shall be maintained in a form acceptable to Lessor in its sole discretion. Such books and records shall be open for inspection
and examination by Lessor and its respective representatives and/or accountants during the Company’s normal business hours.
Section 2.05 Economic Terms. The Company and the Lessor hereby agree that Schedules entered into pursuant to this Agency Agreement shall
conform with the following “Economic Terms”:
1. Maximum Aggregate Capitalized Lessor’s Cost:  $14,500,000.00  
2. Basic Term Lease Rate Factor:  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor  
3. Basic Term (No. of Months):  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor  
4. Equipment Type:  To be mutually agreed upon by Company and Lessor  
5. Agency Agreement Expiration Date and Last Delivery Date:  October 31, 2006  
ARTICLE III
TERMINATION
Section 3.01 Termination.
(a) So long as no default exists and is continuing hereunder or under the Lease,  either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon
____________  (______30________) days written notice to the other party; provided  however that such termination shall not act as a termination
of any Equipment leased hereunder.
(b) In the event the Company is in default hereunder or under the Lease, Lessor may  elect to terminate this Agreement immediately, which shall be
effective upon the receipt of written notice thereof by the Company.
(c) Any termination under this Section 3.01 shall automatically result in the  immediate revocation of all authority vested in the Company under this
Agreement to order, accept or pay for any Equipment on behalf of Lessor.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute and deliver this Agreement on the date
first above written.
General Electric Capital Corporation Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc. 
By: /s/ Susan Lyndon By: /s/ Richard A. Mansfield
Title: Manager Portfolio Admin Title: V.P./CFO
AGENCY AGREEMENT INSTRUCTIONS  
BEFORE EQUIPMENT IS ORDERED:
  •  When issuing a Purchase Order or Sales Agreement for Equipment in connection with the Agency Agreement, incorporate the
following in the Purchase Order or Sales Agreement:
  Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc. is ordering the following equipment as Agent for:General Electric Capital Corporation 
311 North Bayshore Drive 
Safety Harbor, FL 34695 
Attn: Teresa Schafer
• All invoices should indicate that General Electric Capital Corporation is the “Sold to” party at the above address, and that
Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc. is the “Ship to” party for delivery.
• The invoices should be mailed directly to General Electric Capital Corporation. Also, all invoices should reference the appropriate
Purchase Order/Sales Agreement Number.
General Electric Capital Corporation will also require a complete set of Lease documentation prior to funding. These documents may include a
Schedule and a Certificate of Acceptance. The full terms and conditions of the lease contract are set forth in the Master Lease Agreement and
Equipment Schedule.1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.13
   2
                               BIOPURE CORPORATION
                                AGENCY AGREEMENT
      This "Agency" Agreement is made as of March 29, 1999, by and between
Biopure Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and the Agent named
on the signature page hereof (the "Agent").
      WHEREAS, the Company is preparing to manufacture and sell Oxyglobin(R)
brand veterinary products ("Products") enumerated on the Company's veterinary
products agency price list (Exhibit A)(as such list may be changed by the
Company from time to time, the "Price List"); and
      WHEREAS, the Agent and the Company wish to enter into an arrangement
wherein the Agent would promote, sell, and collect payment for, such Products
for the Company as a representative ("Agent") of the Company within the United
States of America to duly licensed veterinarians (the "Customers") on the terms
provided herein;
      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual
promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:
                         1. APPOINTMENT AND ACCEPTANCE.
      1.1. Appointment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the Company hereby appoints the Agent, and the Agent hereby accepts appointment,
as an authorized distributor agent within the Territory, (Territory as outlined
in section 1.2), for the promotion, sale and collection of payment for, the
Products to Customers. The Company has appointed a limited number of Agents;
however, the Company retains the right to itself, and/or appoint others to,
promote, sell, and collect payment for, and distribute, the Products to
Customers in the Territory.
      1.2. Territory. The Territory is defined as that geographical area in
which said Agent is represented by a full time field sales representative, and
of which assigned Distributor agrees to be responsible for mutually agreed upon
quarterly and annual sales objectives as described in the "Business Plan".
Compensation by the Company to the Agent will be limited to the area stated as
follows:
      The 48 Continental United States (including DC) plus Alaska
   3
                                       -2-
No compensation will be earned by the Agent for sales generated from customers
in geographical areas not indicated in this section 1.2.
      1.3. Business Plan. The Company and the Agent will jointly develop a
written business plan for the promotion, distribution and sale of the Products
to Customers in the Territory for each year (Nov 1 - Oct 31) during the term of
this Agreement (a "Contract Year") and, on a nonbinding preliminary basis, for
the next succeeding Contract Year (a "Business Plan"). Each Business Plan will
include, among other things, sales and marketing strategies, advertising and
promotion plans, financial projections (including projected sales, expenses and
other customary items) and Agent performance criteria (including, but not
limited to, market penetration, sales promotion execution, Product
availability/accessibility and trade support). In the event of any conflict
between this Agreement and a Business Plan, this Agreement will govern. The
Business Plan relating to Contract Year ending Oct 31, 1999 will be agreed upon
at least thirty (30) days after the Agent Launch Date (as defined below) or at a
mutually agreed upon date and location. The Business Plan relating to all
Contract Years thereafter will be agreed upon not less than sixty (60) days (or
at a mutually agreed upon date and location) prior to the start of the Contract
Year to which it relates. The Company and the Agent will negotiate the terms and
conditions of each Business Plan in good faith, using their respective best
efforts to agree upon such terms and conditions. The parties will review each
then-current Business Plan quarterly and update such Business Plan from time to
time as may be mutually agreed upon in writing. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Agent Launch Date" means the date specified by the Company to the Agent in
writing upon which the Agent is to begin promotion, sale, and collection of
payment for, the Products to Customers in the Territory (which date is currently
anticipated to be March 29, 1999).
      1.4. Agent Obligations. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the
Business Plan, the Agent will at its sole expense:
            (a) meet the Agent's performance criteria set forth in the Business
      Plan;
            (b) use its reasonable best efforts to market and promote the sale
      of the Products to Customers throughout those portions of the Territory in
      which the Agent has field sales representatives on and after the Agent
      Launch Date, through direct sales calls, advertising and other appropriate
      means (all such marketing and promotional activities to be in accordance
      with the Business Plan or as otherwise expressly proposed by the Agent and
      approved in writing by the Company);
   4-3-
            (c) immediately forward to the Company's Technical Service
      Department for response, in accordance with any procedures described in
      the Business Plan and in a mutually agreed upon format, (i) all complaints
      and inquiries relating to the Products (including, but not limited to,
      Product safety, quality and packaging, Customer satisfaction and Customer
      services) received by the Agent from Customers and consumers within the
      Territory except inquiries relating solely to Product availability,
      pricing, billing and/or delivery and (ii) all other inquiries relating to
      the Products received by the Agent from outside the Territory;
            (d) maintain a suitable staff in the Territory to enable the Agent
      for the proper promotion, sale, and merchandising of the Products and for
      seeking to assure Customer and consumer satisfaction with the Products;
            (e) not solicit or accept orders for the Products other than from
      Customers within the Territory after the Agent Launch Date; and not
      knowingly, or knowingly permit others to, distribute or resell Products
      outside the Territory or for end use by other than duly licensed
      veterinarians;
            (f) meet with the Company at least once each quarter (starting with
      the quarter in which the Agent Launch Date occurs), at a mutually
      agreeable time and place to discuss and review the Agent's activities
      hereunder, at which meeting the Agent will make available to the Company
      information concerning the Agent's sale and marketing of the Products in
      the Territory during the quarter and year-to-date, such information to
      include details of sales efforts, Product sales volume and such other
      information as may be mutually agreed upon in each Business Plan;
            (g) at least thirty (30) days prior to use or distribution of any
      sales, promotion or training materials relating to the Products (other
      than materials provided to the Agent by the Company for such purpose),
      submit such materials to the Company for review, give due consideration to
      any comments received from the Company with respect to such materials, and
      not use or distribute any such materials without the express prior written
      consent of the Company (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or
      delayed); and
            (h) make all field sales personnel of the Agent available for at
      least four (4) hours, and telesales personnel available for at least one
      (1) hour, of initial Products sales and marketing training by the Company,
      and for such supplemental training by the Company as the Company may deem
      appropriate from time to time, in each case, at such times and locations
      as may be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Agent.
   5
                                       -4-
            (i) make all field sales representatives of the Agent available to
      work with field sales representatives of the Company at least two (2) full
      business days per agreement year.
            (j) maintain sales and promotion of the Company's Products so as to
      meet or exceed the previous years annual sales within the same competitive
      environment.
            (k) cooperate and participate in any national or area promotional
      program offered by the company for any Products covered by this agreement.
            (l) follow the Company's credit policy (See Paragraph 2.3 Payment
      Terms) or program terms promptly in payment of goods shipped to the
      Customer. Product(s) shipped to the Customer will be billed to the Agent
      at the price stated on a current price list or according to the current
      price program minus a ten (10) percent discount as outlined in Paragraph
      1.5(d). It is the responsibility of the Agent to evaluate the credit
      worthiness of the Customer. Upon transmitting an order for shipment to the
      Company, the Agent accepts full responsibility for payment of the product
      from the Customer.
            (m) transmit all orders, taken from the Customer for Product(s), a
      minimum of once daily basis, by either fax, electronic mail, or other
      agreed upon means of transmission so as to afford the Company time to
      process and ship said orders in an expediant manner.
            (n) sell products only at the Company's current stated list or
      promotional price.
      1.5 Company Obligations. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the
Business Plan, the Company will at its sole expense:
            (a) use its reasonable best efforts to fill and ship all accepted
      orders for Products received from the Agent on a daily basis so as to be
      shipped no later than the next business day. Orders received on Fridays or
      the day before holidays will not be shipped until the next business day
      unless special arrangements have been made at the customers expense. The
      Company will supply a list confirming such order shipments to the Agent by
      the end of the next business day. If orders exceed the available inventory
      levels, the Company will use reasonable efforts to inform the Agent and
      ship the remaining inventory in a manner that the Company deems as being
      fair and equitable. If product becomes available during a backorder, the
      Company will ship orders on a first-come, first-serve basis, but can, at
      its6
                                       -5-
      own discretion, give partial shipments to large orders. In no event will
      the Company be obligated to provide Products to the Agent in excess of one
      hundred and twenty percent (120%) of any maximum quantity specified in the
      applicable Business Plan;
            (b) provide to the Agent's field sales personnel at least four (4)
      hours of initial Products sales and marketing training, and Agent
      telesales personnel at least one (1) hour of initial Product sales and
      marketing training, and such supplemental training, if any, as the Company
      may deem appropriate, in each case, at such times and locations as may be
      mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Agent.
            (c) supply such literature, ad reprints and other promotional aids
      and furnish Agent with other information that in the opinion of the
      Company may be helpful in the sale of listed Product(s).
            (d) compensate the Agent through a discount of eight (8) percent off
      of the current price of the Product times the total monthly units shipped
      at that price to the Customer in the Agent's Territory excluding any
      taxes, and/or shipping and handling charges incurred by the Company. The
      Company will compensate the Agent an additional two (2) percent through a
      discount off of the current price or promotional price of the Product
      times the total monthly units shipped at that price to the Customer
      excluding any taxes, and/or shipping and handling charges incurred by the
      Company, so as to compensate the Agent's sales representatives. Therefore,
      a total of ten (10) percent discount off of the current price list or
      promotional price times the total monthly units shipped at that price to
      the Customer will be applied as payment for services from the Agent
      including, but not limited to, the promotion, sales, and collection of
      payment from the Customer for Product shipped by the Company. In addition
      the Company will compensate the Agent quarterly an additional two (2)
      percent commission (incentive), exclusive of taxes, and /or shipping and
      handling charges incurred by the Company, based upon the attainment of
      mutually agreed upon quarterly goals. One (1) percent of this incentive is
      additional compensation for the Agent, and one (1) percent is for
      additional compensation of the Agency sales force. In the event the Agent
      fails to achieve these goals during any given quarter yet is able to
      achieve the overall annual goals, then the Agent will receive the
      incentive commission for that quarter at the conclusion of the fiscal
      year. These goals are outlined in exhibit B.
            (e) will replace, any unit of Product to the Customer which has
      outdated (provided the Product is not outdated more than ninety (90) days)
      with equal Product.
   7
                                       -6-
                         2. PRODUCTS PURCHASE AND SALE.
      2.1. Orders. Each order for Products taken by the Agent from the Customer
will be subject to acceptance by the Company and will not be binding upon the
Company unless and until so accepted. The Company reserves the right, in its
sole discretion, to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any Product order.
All orders will be shipped to the Customer in minimum quantities of one box (two
(2) bags).
      2.2. Prices. Prices for the Products will be as set forth on the Price
List. The current Price List is attached hereto as Exhibit A. Any deviation from
current pricing as indicated by the Company is a violation of this contract. All
prices are F.O.B. the Customer's facility and are exclusive of any federal,
state or local sales, use, privilege, excise or similar taxes or duties levied
upon any party. The Company will give the Agent at least ten (10) days prior
written notice of any price change. In the event of a price change, orders will
be invoiced at the prices in effect at the time of the Company's receipt of the
order.
      2.3. Payment Terms. Terms of payment by the Agent to the Company for
Products shipped to the Customer will be net thirty (30) days from the date of
statement unless the Agent chooses to pay the Company via electronic funds
transfer in which case the terms of payment will be net forty-five (45) days.
All payments will be made in United States Dollars without set-off or
counterclaim, free and clear of (and without deduction for) any taxes, duties,
charges, withholdings, restrictions or conditions of any nature imposed or
levied by any political, taxing or other authority.
      2.4. Taxes. The Customer will bear all taxes and duties which may be
levied with respect to the purchase of the Products by the Agent (excluding any
taxes on the Company's income therefrom), and the Company will bear all taxes
and duties which shall be levied upon any of the Products if incidental to the
Company's production of such Product or any component thereof. The Company will
supply the Agent with such reasonable and necessary documents as may be required
to carry out these provisions.
      2.5. Claims. Any claim for shortage in Product delivery must be made
within ten (10) business days after the Customer's receipt of shipment. See
attachment "C", "General Information", for specific sales, shipping, and return
policies.
      2.6. Warranty. The Company hereby warrants that all Products sold to theCustomer hereunder, at the time of shipment to the Customer, (a) will be
merchantable and of generally commercially salable quality; and (b) will have a
then remaining shelf life of at least twelve (12) months. The Company further
   8
                                       -7-
warrants that the Products have been manufactured, labeled and packaged, and
when in the Company's possession or under its control, have been handled, stored
and shipped, in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
The Customer's exclusive remedy for a breach of any of the foregoing warranties
will be the replacement, at the delivery point thereof, freight prepaid, of any
Product furnished hereunder that fails to meet the foregoing standards. In no
event will the Company be liable for incidental or consequential damages. All
claims by the Customer and/or Agent under this Paragraph 2.6 must be submitted
in accordance with the Company's published bulletins concerning such claims, as
such bulletins may be amended by the Company from time to time and furnished to
the Agent.
      THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OTHER THAN THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSED IN THIS PARAGRAPH 2.6.
ANY STATEMENTS MADE BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT TO THE
PRODUCTS DO NOT CONSTITUTE WARRANTIES AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON BY THE
AGENT.
   9
                                       -8-
                                  3. COVENANTS.
      3.1. Purchaser Guarantees, Instructions. The Agent will not furnish to any
purchaser or user of the Products, or to any other third party, any guarantee or
warranty with respect to the Products or any instructions for their use or
maintenance, except as expressly approved in writing by the Company or as
expressly stated on the Products' labeling and/or in materials provided by the
Company to the Agent for such purpose.
      3.2. Trademarks. The Agent will promote and sell the Products to Customers
in the Territory only under such trademarks, copyrights, brand names and product
names as the Company may have registered, or as the Company has otherwise
requested be used on or in respect of Products sold within the Territory
(together, the "Trademarks"). The Agent will use the Trademarks only in such
fashion as has been expressly authorized by the Company in writing. Such use
will not give the Agent any interest in the Trademarks, except the right to
display the Trademarks as expressly provided herein. The Agent will not use any
Trademark in connection with any products other than the Products. Upon the
expiration or any termination of this Agreement, the Agent will immediately
cease all use of the Trademarks.
      3.3. Insurance. The Company and the Agent will each maintain, at their own
expense, insurance with reputable insurers, such insurance to be in such form
and amounts as are customary in the case of entities of established reputation
engaged in the same or similar businesses and similarly situated, provided that
such insurance will in any event include commercial general liability and
umbrella liability insurance (including product liability coverage) for property
damage, bodily injury and personal injury in an amount not less than Five
Million Dollars ($5,000,000) combined single amount per occurrence and in the
aggregate. Each such liability insurance policy of the Agent will name the
Company (as its interest may appear) as an additional insured under the policy
and provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company of
any cancellation, modification or amendment of the policy. Each product
liability insurance policy of the Company will name the Agent (as its interest
may appear) as an additional insured under the policy and provide for at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Agent of any cancellation,
modification, or amendment of this policy. Each party will furnish to the other
upon request a Certificate of Insurance or other documentation reasonably
satisfactory to the other evidencing compliance with this Paragraph 3.3.
   10
                                       -9-
      3.4. Notice of Certain Events. The Agent will promptly notify the Company
in the event the Agent becomes aware of any of the following events: alleged
infringement of the Trademarks by any third party; alleged infringement of the
trademark or proprietary rights of others in connection with actions taken
hereunder; liability claims relating to the Products and any other event that
may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect upon the sale or
distribution of the Products in the Territory.
      3.5. Indemnification.
            (a) Subject to Subparagraph (c) below, the Agent will indemnify the
      Company (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates)
      and hold it (and them) harmless from and against all loss, damage,
      liability, cost or expense of any nature whatsoever, including, without
      limitation, any and all reasonable attorneys fees and court costs
      (together, a "Loss"), arising out of or in connection with (i) the
      inaccuracy or breach of any representation, warranty or obligation of the
      Agent hereunder and/or (ii) the activities of the Agent in connection with
      the promotion, sale or collection of payment of the Products in violation
      of this Agreement, law or any other duty or obligation of the Agent. In no
      way should the Agent be liable for incidental or consequential damages.(b) Subject to Subparagraph (c) below, the Company will indemnify
      the Agent (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates)
      and hold it (and them) harmless from and against any Loss arising out of
      or in connection with the inaccuracy or breach of any representation,
      warranty or obligation of the Company hereunder.
            (c) Each party (the "Notifying Party") will promptly notify the
      other party (the "Indemnifying Party") of the existence of any third party
      claim, demand or other action giving rise to a claim for indemnification
      under this Paragraph 3.5 (a "Third Party Claim") and will give the
      Indemnifying Party a reasonable opportunity to defend the same at its own
      expense and with its own counsel provided that the Notifying Party will at
      all times have the right to participate in such defense at its own
      expense. If, within thirty (30) days after receipt of a notice of a Third
      Party Claim the Indemnifying Party fails to undertake to so defend, the
      Notifying Party will have the right, but not the obligation, to defend and
      to compromise or settle (exercising reasonable business judgment) the
      Third Party Claim for the account and at the risk and expense of the
      Indemnifying Party subject to the Indemnifying Party's prior written
      approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each
      party will make available to the other, at the other's reasonable expense,
      such information and assistance as
   11
                                      -10-
      the other may reasonably request in connection with the defense of a Third
      Party Claim.
      3.6. Assistance with Claims. Subject to Paragraph 3.5 hereof, each party
will, at the request and expense of the other, furnish such reasonable
assistance as may be required to enable the other party to defend itself against
third party claims threatened or filed in connection with the manufacture,
distribution, sale or use of the Products.
      3.7. Confidential Information and Publicity. From time to time during the
term of this Agreement either party may disclose or make available to the other
Confidential Information (as defined below) in connection with activities
contemplated hereunder. Except as may be required by law or as may be reasonably
necessary to enforce rights hereunder, each party agrees that during the term of
this Agreement and thereafter (a) it will use Confidential Information belonging
to the other solely for the purpose(s) of this Agreement and (b) it will not
disclose Confidential Information belonging to the other to any third party
(other than its employees and/or consultants reasonably requiring such
Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement who are bound by
obligations of nondisclosure and limited use at least as stringent as those
contained herein) without the express prior written consent of the disclosing
party. Each party further agrees that except as reasonably necessary for
performance hereunder or otherwise expressly required by law, it will not
publicly announce or otherwise disclose any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other. Except as may
be otherwise expressly provided in the Business Plan, or as may be required by
law or reasonably necessary to enforce rights hereunder, neither party will use
the name of the other in any advertising, promotional or sales materials
relating to the Products, in any press release, or in any other manner
whatsoever without the express prior written consent of the other. Each party
will promptly return to the other upon request any Confidential Information of
the other party then in its possession or under its control. The provisions of
this Paragraph 3.7 will survive the expiration or any termination of this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means,
with respect to either party, any and all information (including, but not
limited to, financial data and information concerning products, customers and
business operations) in any form belonging to such party except information
which at the relevant time is (a) known to the public through no act or omission
in violation of this Agreement, (b) furnished to the receiving party by a third
party having the lawful right to do so, (c) known to the receiving party prior
to disclosure hereunder (as established by written documentation thereof) or (d)
independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the
Confidential Information.
   12
                                      -11-
                            4. TERM AND TERMINATION.
      4.1. Term. This Agreement will become effective as of the date first
written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant
to Paragraph 4.2 below.
      4.2. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated as follows:
            (a) In the event that either party fails in any material respect to
      observe or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (with
      respect to the Agent, including but not limited to Agent performance
      criteria set forth in each Business Plan), which failure is not remedied
      within thirty (30) days (or, in the case of payments due, within five (5)
      business days), after receipt of written notice from the other party
      specifying such failure, this Agreement shall automatically terminate.
            (b) In the event of any material change in the organization,
      ownership, management or control of the business of the Agent, the Company
      may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon giving written notice of
      termination to the Agent. The Agent will promptly advise the Company in
      writing of any event described in this Paragraph 4.2(b).(c) Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement
      without cause, effective at any time after January 31, 1999, upon giving
      at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of such termination to the
      other party.
            (d) If after exercise of good faith efforts, the parties fail to
      timely agree upon a Business Plan for any Contract Year before the start
      of such year (with respect to the Business Plan for Contract Year ending
      October 31, 1999, at least thirty (30) days or on a mutually agreed upon
      date after the Agent Launch Date), this Agreement may be terminated by
      either party upon giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of
      such termination to the other party.
            (e) In the event of any publicity concerning the Agent which the
      Company reasonably believes to have a material adverse affect upon the
      status or reputation of the Agent and/or the Products, the Company may, at
      its option, terminate this Agreement upon giving at least five (5) days
      prior written notice of such termination to the Agent.
            (f) In the event the Company terminates, sells or otherwise
      transfers its veterinary products business in its entirety, the Company
      may
   13
                                      -12-
      terminate this Agreement upon giving at least ninety (90) days prior
      written notice of such termination to the Agent.
      4.3. Effect of Termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any
reason:
            (a) the Agent will immediately discontinue making any
      representations regarding its status as an agent for the Company and will
      immediately cease conducting any activities with respect to the promotion,
      sale or distribution of the Products;
            (b) all amounts owed by either party to the other will become
      immediately due and payable as indicated in section 2.3;
            (c) any then unfulfilled Product orders hereunder may be completed
      by the Company or transferred to another Agent in the Company's
      discretion. Any termination of this Agreement will be without prejudice to
      the settlement of the rights created and obligations incurred hereunder
      prior to the time of such termination. In no event will either party be
      liable for special or consequential damages arising out of the breach or
      the termination of this Agreement. The provisions of this Paragraph 4.3
      and of Paragraphs 3.5, 3.6, and 3.7 will survive the termination of this
      Agreement.
                                5. MISCELLANEOUS.
      5.1. Notices. All notices and other communications between the parties
given pursuant to this Agreement will be deemed to have been sufficiently given
when delivered by personal service or sent by recognized overnight courier
service, telecommunication or registered U.S. Mail to the recipient at the
address indicated on the signature page hereof. All such communications will be
deemed effective on the earlier of (a) actual receipt or (b) if sent by courier
service, on the next business day following the date delivered to the courier
service (the courier service's receipt being evidence of the date of such
delivery), or (c) if sent by telecommunication on the next business date
(subject to confirmation of receipt in complete readable form), or (d) if sent
by registered U.S. Mail, five (5) business days after delivery to the U.S.
Postal Service, postage prepaid. Either party may give to the other written
notice of change of address, in which event any communication will thereafter be
given to such party at such changed address.
      5.2. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.
   14
                                      -13-
Neither party will not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of
the other party.
      5.3. Waivers. Any waiver by either party of any rights arising from a
breach of any covenants or conditions of this Agreement must be in writing and
will not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same
nature or other covenants or conditions of this Agreement.
      5.4. Relationship of Parties This Agreement is not intended to create, nor
should it be construed as creating, a joint venture, partnership or similar
relationship between the parties. The Agent will act solely as an independent
agent and will have no right to bind the Company in any way or to represent that
the Company is in any way responsible for any acts or omissions of the Agent.
      5.5. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
if either the Company or the Agent is delayed in or prevented from fulfilling
any of its obligations hereunder by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable
control (including, but not limited to acts of God, fire, third party strike,flood, delay of transportation or inability to obtain necessary raw materials
through normal commercial channels), then that party will not be liable under
this Agreement for damages resulting from such delay or failure. Each party will
promptly notify the other upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any such
cause and will use its reasonable best efforts to minimize any resulting delay
in or interference with the performance of its obligations hereunder.
      5.6. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and all related business
transactions will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
(without reference to principles of conflicts or choice of law which would cause
the application of the internal laws of any other jurisdiction). The courts of
or in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts will have nonexclusive jurisdiction over
any disputes hereunder. Service of any action or proceeding in any such courts
by either party may be made upon the other by registered mail, return receipt
requested, at its address given herein.
      5.7. Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be
amended except by a writing duly signed on behalf of each party.
      5.8. Remedies. All remedies available to either party for breach of this
Agreement are cumulative and may be exercised concurrently or separately. The
exercise of one remedy will not be deemed an election of such remedy to the
exclusion of other remedies.
      5.9. Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement, in whole
or in part, is invalid, unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
   15
                                      -14-
regulations of any jurisdiction, such provision will be replaced, to the extent
possible, with a provision which accomplishes the original business purposes of
the provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this
Agreement will remain unaffected and in full force provided, however, that if
without such invalid or unenforceable provision the fundamental mutual
objectives of the parties cannot be achieved, either party may terminate this
Agreement without penalty by written notice to the other.
      5.10. Interest. Any overdue amounts payable hereunder will bear interest,
payable on demand (whether before or after judgment), from due date to date of
payment, at an annual rate of two percent (2%) above the prime rate of Citibank,
N.A. in effect on the due date or, if lower, the maximum rate permitted by
applicable law.
      5.11. Miscellaneous. Each party will bear its own expenses in connection
with the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement. The headings
of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Agreement have been added for the
convenience of the parties and are not be deemed a part hereof. This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which together constitute
a single agreement. In proving this Agreement, it will not be necessary to
produce or account for more than one counterpart signed by the party with
respect to which proof is sought. This Agreement is the sole understanding and
agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all
other such prior or contemporaneous oral and written agreements and
understandings.
      Signed, sealed and delivered by a duly authorized representative of each
party hereto as of the date first written above.
THE BUTLER COMPANY                         BIOPURE CORPORATION
By:                                        By:
   --------------------------------            --------------------------------
                                               Andrew W. Wright,
Title:                                         Vice President, Veterinary
      -----------------------------            Products
Address:                                   Address: 11 Hurley Street
        ---------------------------                 Cambridge, MA 02141
                                                    Telecopy No.: (617) 234-6507
        ---------------------------
        ---------------------------
   16
                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                               BIOPURE CORPORATION
                     Oxyglobin(R) Brand Products Price List
                      (Introductory Promotional Pricing*)
   Each Box contains two 125 ml bags of Oxyglobin(R) Brand Veterinary Product.
                               Retail Price          Retail Price Per Bag
                               ------------          --------------------
                                                     
   1 Box of 2 Bags               $279.90                   $139.95
   2 Boxes of 2 Bags             $499.80                   $124.95
   3 Boxes of 2 Bags             $749.70                   $124.95
   4 Boxes of 2 Bags             $999.60                   $124.95
   5 Boxes of 2 Bags            $1099.50                   $109.95- ----------
      *May be changed with 30 days written notice.
                                                   Effective Date:
                                                   January 5, 1999
   17
                                    EXHIBIT B
                           OXYGLOBIN(R) BUSINESS PLAN
                                FISCAL YEAR 1999
                       (Nov 1, 1998 through Oct 31, 1999)
AGENT: THE BUTLER COMPANY                                   FY: 1999
                                 QUARTERLY GOALS
                                               
1st Quarter (Nov 1 - Jan 31):                       N/A    units
2nd Quarter (Feb 1 - Apr 30):                      3,500   units
3rd Quarter (May 1 - Jul 31):                      7,000   units
4th Quarter (Aug 1 - Oct 31):                      8,400   units
Fiscal Year Total:                                18,900   units
      Unit = 1 Bag of Oxyglobin Solution 125 ml
                             PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
Sales Meetings: Anticipated Dates ______________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
Ride Withs (# Per Quarter)  1st Qtr ____________
                            2nd Qtr ____________
                            3rd Qtr ____________
                            4th Qtr ____________
                     Total for Year ____________
   18
Conferences with Display of Biopure Product:____________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
Agent Monthly Flyer, Catalog, Other ____________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
Other Activities (Dinner Meeting Support, Advertising, Mailings, etc)___________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
THE BUTLER COMPANY:                             BIOPURE CORPORATION:
- ----------------------------                    ----------------------------
Name                                            Name
- ----------------------------                    ----------------------------
Title                                           Title
- ----------------------------                    ----------------------------
Date                                            DateEXHIBIT 10.26
                                      MICOA
                                AGENCY AGREEMENT
         Mutual Insurance Corporation of America, a Michigan insurance
corporation (MICOA) and Stratton, Cheeseman & Walsh-Nevada, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, ("Agency"), (sometimes commonly referred to as the Parties) agree
as follows:
A.       AUTHORITY OF AGENCY
         Subject to requirements imposed by law, the underwriting rules,
         procedures and regulations of MICOA and this agreement, the Agency is
         authorized to:
         1.       Solicit within the State of Nevada, receive and transmit
                  immediately and directly to MICOA, proposals for health care
                  liability insurance contracts for which a commission is
                  specified in the schedule of commissions provided by Exhibit
                  A, attached and as amended or supplemented by such attachments
                  from time to time.
         2.       Produce and deliver certificates of insurance and written
                  binders in accordance with MICOA underwriting requirements.
                  The Agency is not authorized to accept or bind any risk or to
                  otherwise obligate MICOA without specific authority from
                  MICOA.
         3.       Provide all usual and customary services of an Agency on all
                  policies placed with MICOA subject to the following:
                  a.       MICOA will not be responsible for Agency expenses
                           including but not limited to rent, transportation,
                           employee hire or solicitor's fees, postage,
                           telegrams, telephone, advertising, licensing fees or
                           any other Agency expenses whatsoever.
                  b.       The Agency will not undertake or initiate advertising
                           of any nature in connection with business or policies
                           related to MICOA without the approval of MICOA.
         4.       To promptly report all claims and losses of which the Agency
                  has knowledge and properly notify MICOA when the Agency
                  receives notice of the commencement of any related legal
                  action. Agency shall refrain from admitting or denying
                  liability on the part of the company in connection with any
                  claim or lawsuit.
         5.       In return for the exclusive appointment of Agency by MICOA to
                  sell its professional liability products listed on the
                 &sbsp;attached Commission Schedule
                  in Nevada, Agency agrees not to sell any competing
                  professional liability products in Nevada, without the written
                  consent of MICOA. Provided that, if a particular risk has been
                  submitted to MICOA and MICOA has declined that risk, then
                  Agency may search appropriate markets for placement of that
                  risk, and may place that risk with another insurance company.
         6.       Designated Agent representatives upon request from MICOA will
                  be expected to participate in MICOA's Nevada Market Managers
                  Group activities and to attend all scheduled meetings.
         7.       MICOA will share on a project basis development costs of all
                  promotional materials and some advertising costs related to
                  Nevada sales, provided that all such expenditures or budgets
                  for them are approved by MICOA in writing in advance.
         8.       Agency may solicit subagencies for appointment, subject to
                  MICOA's prior written approval of each subagency following
                  disclosure to and review by MICOA of information requested by
                  MICOA for each proposed subagency. All such appointments by
                  Agent shall stipulate that MICOA may terminate the subagency
                  at any time without cause upon at least 90 days notice and
                  that the subagency shall comply with all MICOA requirements
                  and duties owed MICOA by Agency concerning solicitation,
                  communications, and service to insureds. Subagencies shall
                  also be required to submit all proposals immediately and
                  directly to MICOA.
B.       MICOA BILLED POLICIES
         For business subject to Exhibit A, placed with and billed by MICOA
         directly to the policyholder, the following shall apply in addition to
         all the other provisions of this agreement:
         1.       The processing and submittal of all such business shall be
                  subject to provisions outlined in MICOA's written requirements
                  and forms as they may be implemented by MICOA from time totime;
         2.       Commissions on premiums shall be paid to the Agency within 30
                  business days of the month in which such premiums are received
                  and recorded by MICOA, subject to deduction by MICOA of any
                  return commissions due from the Agency.
         3.       Except as provided in Section D or unless authorized by the
                  Agency, MICOA or its affiliates shall not use its records of
                  business placed by the Agency with MICOA to solicit individual
                  policyholders for the sale of other lines of
                                      -2-
                  insurance or other products or services. When the Agency
                  grants such authorization, Agency shall be paid the applicable
                  commission on such sales, provided an appropriate agreement is
                  in place with MICOA.
         4.       If this agreement is terminated, MICOA shall, at the Agency's
                  request, provide the Agency with a list of existing
                  MICOA-billed policies placed by the Agency including their
                  expiration dates.
         5.       The Agency's name shall appear on all policies, premium
                  notices, and cancellation notices to policyholders. Copies of
                  all such items sent to policyholders shall be provided by
                  MICOA to the Agency.
C.       POLICY CANCELLATION
         Cancellation of any policy in force, when requested in writing by the
         insured, will be honored by MICOA, except for those MICOA is not
         otherwise permitted to cancel.
D.       EXPIRATIONS
         1.       In the event this Agreement is terminated for any reason,
                  MICOA agrees to purchase from Agency, and Agency agrees to
                  sell to MICOA Agency's ownership interest in the expirations
                  for the MICOA insurance issued pursuant to this Agreement. The
                  purchase price shall be two times Agency's commissions on
                  business produced directly by Agency during the last 12 full
                  months preceding the termination date. The purchase shall be
                  completed within 60 calendar days after the termination date.
                  In return for this payment, for a two-year period following
                  the termination date, Agency will not directly or indirectly
                  sell any professional liability insurance to any individuals
                  or entities who were MICOA insureds in Nevada at the time of
                  termination of this Agreement.
         2.       If Agency enters into a subagency agreement under which the
                  subagency has the right to retain ownership of expirations on
                  business produced by the subagency, then the purchase of
                  expirations under subparagraph 1 above will not include the
                  purchase of those subagency expirations, and the purchase
                  price paid to Agency will not include the commissions paid for
                  such business produced by the subagency.
                                      -3-
E.       AGENCY'S ERRORS AND OMISSION, AND FIDELITY & ELECTRONIC CRIME INSURANCE
         The Agency will maintain valid errors and omissions insurance, with
         minimum limits of $1,000,000 per incident, and a fidelity and
         electronic crime policy through an insurer, both of which shall contain
         terms and limits of coverage acceptable to MICOA covering the Agency's
         solicitors and each of its employees. The Agency shall provide MICOA a
         copy of each policy; doing so on a regular and current basis shall be a
         precondition to all of Agency's rights under this Agreement, including
         but not limited to the payment of all earned commissions.
F.       TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT
         1.       This agreement shall terminate:
                  a.       Automatically if any public authority cancels or
                           declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate
                           of Authority.
                  b.       Immediately if either party gives detailed written
                           notice to the other of alleged gross and willful
                           misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
         2.       This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic
                  renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon
                  either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days
                  advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary
                  to applicable law or this Agreement.
         3.       If the Agency is delinquent in either accounting or payment ofmonies due MICOA, MICOA may by written notice to the Agency
                  immediately terminate, suspend or modify any of the provisions
                  of this agreement. Such action shall not be taken by MICOA
                  over minor differences between the records of the Agency and
                  MICOA.
         4.       All supplies, including forms and policies furnished by MICOA
                  and any copies or other reproductions of them, shall remain
                  the property of MICOA and shall be returned to MICOA or its
                  representative upon demand.
G.       INDEMNIFICATION
         The respective parties shall indemnify and hold one another harmless as
         follows:
                                      -4-
         1.       MICOA shall indemnify and hold Agency harmless against any
                  MICOA act or omission, except to the extent the Agency has
                  caused, compounded, or contributed to such error.
         2.       Agency shall indemnify and hold Agency harmless against any
                  act or omission of the Agency, except to the extent MICOA has
                  caused, compounded, or contributed to such error.
         3.       The Agency and MICOA shall properly notify one another upon
                  receiving notice of the commencement of any action related to
                  such liabilities. MICOA shall be entitled to participate in
                  any such action or in consultation with Agency and its carrier
                  to assume the defense of any such action. If MICOA assumes the
                  defense of any such action, it shall not be liable to the
                  Agency for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred
                  on the Agency's behalf absent MICOA's advance approval of such
                  expenses.
         4.       Neither party shall, except at its own risk and expense,
                  voluntarily assume any liability, make any payment or incur
                  any expense without the prior written consent of the other.
H.       POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES
         1.       Other Programs. Agency and MICOA agree that Agency may be
                  offered the opportunity to support MICOA's workers'
                  compensation, and its other nonphysician professional
                  liability or product programs in Nevada when MICOA proceeds
                  with related marketing plans. Such plans may also include
                  Agency's involvement in sales of MICOA commercial and personal
                  products. Appropriate agreements must be negotiated separately
                  from this agreement for each such product, and for each such
                  territory, including but not limited to Nevada.
         2.       Territory. Agency and MICOA further agree to consider, subject
                  to successful negotiation of appropriate agreements separate
                  from this agreement, expansion of Agencies' sales territories
                  for MICOA beyond Nevada.
I.       MISCELLANEOUS
         1.       Amendment. This agreement may be amended only in writing by
                  mutual agreement of the Agency and MICOA, except that MICOA's
                  name herein shall be deemed changed automatically for purposes
                  of this agreement without written amendment upon approval of
                  any such change by MICOA's domiciliary regulator.
         2.       Non Waiver. Any failure by MICOA to insist upon compliance
                  with any provisions of this Agreement or of the rules and
                  regulations of MICOA shall not be construed as or constitute a
                  waiver of them by MICOA.
                                      -5-
         3.       Integrated Agreement. This Agreement and its attachments as
                  modified from time to time supersedes and replaces as of its
                  effective date, all previous agreements, if any, between MICOA
                  and the Agency. There are other agreements between MICOA and
                  the Agency's parent corporation, SC&W, which are not
                  superceded.
         4. &bbsp;     Independent Contractor. The Agency is an independent insurance
                  Agency and independent contractor, and not an employee,
                  manager, officer or owner of MICOA.
         5.       Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted under the
                  laws of the State of Nevada. Any provisions of this Agreement
                  or any amendments to the Agreement that are or become in
                  conflict with any applicable statutes or regulations shall be
                  deemed to be amended to conform to those statutes or
                  regulations.
         6.       Counterparts. This Agreement and any Exhibits which require
                  signatures may be executed in counterparts which shalltogether be regarded as binding upon the Parties.
         7.       Authority. The persons signing below represent and warrant
                  that they are duly authorized representatives of the
                  respective Parties, fully willing and able to execute this
                  Agreement.
         8.       Assignment. MICOA may assign this Agreement to its parent,
                  affiliate, or subsidiary corporations who are licensed
                  insurers upon written notice to Agency. Agency may not assign
                  this Agreement without the written permission of MICOA or its
                  successors or assigns.
         9.       Resolution of Disputes. In the event of any dispute arising
                  out of this Agreement, MICOA and Agency agree to submit such
                  dispute to arbitration as follows:
                  a.       There shall be three arbitrators; one shall be
                           selected by the Agency, one shall be selected by
                           MICOA, and a third shall be selected by those two
                           arbitrators. If the two arbitrators cannot agree on
                           the selection of a third, American Arbitration
                           Association's regional office closest to Agency's
                           main office shall be requested to appoint the third
                           arbitrator.
                  b.       The determination of the arbitrators shall be final
                           and binding upon the Agency and MICOA.
                  c.       Neither MICOA nor the Agency shall be entitled to
                           punitive and/or exemplary damages.
                                      -6-
                  d.       The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with
                           the procedures of the above referenced regional
                           office of the American Arbitration Association. The
                           Agency and MICOA shall pay the cost of their
                           arbitrator and share equally in the expense of the
                           third arbitrator.
                  e.       Either Party, may where permitted by the law of
                           Nevada, enter judgment upon the arbitrators' award.
         10.      Year 2000 Compliance. Agency must at times assure that any of
                  its computers, data processing systems, software components,
                  and network arrangements use for MICOA business completely and
                  accurately, present, produce, store and calculate all dates
                  after December 31, 1999; and that they will not produce
                  abnormally ending or incorrect results involving such dates as
                  used in any forward or regression data based functions. All
                  such items must yield date-related functionalities and date
                  fields which accurately indicate the century and millennium
                  and correctly perform all calculations involving a four digit
                  year field.
Signed and effective this 25th day of May, 1999.
                                         AGENCY
                                         By:  /s/ Terrence L. Walsh
                                            ------------------------------------
                                         Its:   President
                                         MICOA
                                         By:  /s/ Thomas C. Payne, M.D.
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Thomas C. Payne, M.D.
                                            Secretary/Treasurer
                                      -7-
                                    EXHIBIT A
                                AGENCY AGREEMENT
                   SCHEDULE OF COMMISSIONS AND WRITTEN PREMIUM
New Business Policies:             12% of the annual premium
Renewal Policies:                  12% of the annual premium
Appointed agents who are not a party to a current MICOA agency contract and/orare not affiliated with an agency which has an agency contract will receive a 1%
commission rate for all lines of business stated above.
Commission will decrease by .5% effective 10/1/99 as part of a repayment program
under a project memorandum dated 4/7/99. This decrease will stay in effect until
SC&W reaches $10MM in premium or at a maximum of 10 years.
                                      -8-
April 7, 1999
Mr. Terrence Walsh
Stratton, Cheeseman & Walsh, Inc.
1301 N. Hagadorn
East Lansing, MI 48823
RE:      NEVADA DEPARTMENT
         PROJECT MEMORANDUM
Dear Terry:
In response to MICOA's request to develop a complete insurance distribution
system for Nevada, including physicians professional liability and personal and
commercial insurance by July 1999, Stratton, Cheeseman & Walsh, Inc. (SC&W) has
spent and will continue to spend a substantial amount of time and money. In
recognition that these expenditures will directly benefit MICOA, SC&W and MICOA
agree to the following:
-    During the first two years of developing the Nevada distribution system, a
     portion of the start up costs will be shared. Subject to compliance with a
     detailed budget developed by SC&W and MICOA, these reimbursable costs shall
     include:
     -    Salaries and benefits for SCW-Nevada, Inc. employees and agents.
     -    20% of your total personal benefits and salary, and 100% of your
          personal travel expenses incurred with respect to the Nevada office,
          which respective percentages are intended to recognize your personal
          support of MICOA's Nevada initiative.
     -    Legal expenses directly attributable to the Nevada initiative.
     -    Nevada office set up.
     -    Consultant's expenses paid by SC&W in direct support of the
          initiative.
     -    The above costs are to be designated and itemized in the preapproved
          budget and reimbursed by MICOA at 100% for the first full year of
          development and 50% for the second year. It is agreed that the first
          year began effective October 1, 1997.
-    All other costs attributable to the normal operation of the Nevada
     insurance agency site are the sole responsibility of SC&W.
-    After the first two years (i.e. after October 1, 1999) all expenses will
     be borne by SC&W and those amounts paid to SC&W during the first two years
     shall be repaid. Repayment shall be through reduction of commissions due
     SC&W by 0.5% or if
                                      -7-
     SC&W exceeds $10.0 million in premium revenues by offset in the event any
     money is owed the Agency by MICOA. Such reduction or offset shall occur for
     so long as necessary to repay amounts reimbursed by MICOA during the
     two-year period of development; but in no event will repayment be collected
     for a period of greater than ten years. Any unpaid amounts at the end of
     ten years shall be forgiven by MICOA.
-    Nevada rent expenses will be shared on a 50/50 basis between MICOA and
     SC&W.
-    In order to allow SC&W to expand the distribution system in Nevada with
     select and controlled subagents, an exclusive agency agreement will be
     negotiated which will spell out the terms and conditions of the
     relationship. A commission rate of 12% will be paid for both new and
     renewal physicians liability business. Other commission rates will be
     determined as products become available. This Agency Agreement should be
     finalized by April 30, 1999.
-    MICOA may pay future payments advanced pursuant to this letter on a monthly
     basis, unless doing so would be impractical, in which case another periodic
     form of&bbsp;payment will be arranged. Amounts owed for past time periods will
     be paid as follows: one-third by March 25, 1999; one-third by May 1, 1999;
     and one-third by June 1, 1999. All other amounts owed under this Project
     Memorandum to be paid by October 1, 1999.
SC&W's responsibilities, under this Project Memorandum, will include assisting
MICOA with market assessment, distribution, and sales integration into Nevada.
SC&W agrees not to serve in a strategic marketing capacity for another insurerin Nevada while it is providing such services for MICOA or for a period of one
year thereafter.
Terry, please countersign and return this letter to indicate your acceptance.
Sincerely,
MUTUAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF AMERICA
/s/ Thomas C. Payne, M.D.
-----------------------------------------
Thomas C. Payne, M.D.
Secretary/Treasurer
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:
STRATTON, CHEESEMAN & WALSH, INC.
/s/ Terrence L. Walsh
-----------------------------------------
Terrence L. Walsh
CEOEXHIBIT I TO SCHEDULE A
(COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED STATES SECURITIES LAWS)
AGENTS’ CERTIFICATE
In connection with the offer and sale in the United States of common shares (the “ Securities ”) of Tribute Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the “Corporation”)
to Accredited Investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated as of May 22, 2015, and pursuant to an agency agreement (the “ Agency
Agreement”) dated as of May 22, 2015 between the Corporation and the agents named therein, [ ] (the “Agent”) and [ ] (the “U.S. Affiliate”), the
U.S. registered broker-dealer affiliate of the Agent, hereby certify as follows:
(i) on the date hereof and on the date of each offer of Securities by us in the United States and each subsequent sale to such offerees by
the Corporation, the U.S. Affiliate is and was: (A) a duly registered as a broker-dealer under the U.S. Exchange Act and duly registered as
a broker-dealer under the laws of each state where it made offers of Securities (unless exempt from such registration requirements); and
(B) a member of and in good standing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.;
(ii) all offers of Securities by us in the United States have been effected by the U.S. Affiliate in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal
and state broker-dealer requirements;
(iii) immediately prior to offering the Securities to persons in the United States, we had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe that
each such person was an Accredited Investor, based upon a pre-existing relationship, and, on the date hereof, we continue to believe
that each such offeree purchasing Securities from the Corporation is an Accredited Investor;
(iv) no form of Directed Selling Efforts, General Solicitation or General Advertising was used by us in connection with the offer of the
Securities by us in the United States, and we have not acted in any manner involving public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)
(2) of the U.S. Securities Act in connection with the offer of the Securities by us in the United States;
(v) in connection with arranging each sale by the Corporation of Securities to U.S. Subscribers solicited by us, we caused each such U.S.
Subscriber to duly complete and execute a Subscription Agreement to be used for U.S Subscribers;
(vi) the Agent represents and warrants that with respect to Offered Shares to be sold in reliance on Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, none of it,
the U.S. Affiliate, any of its or the U.S. Affiliate’s directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers
participating in the Offering, or any other person associated with the Agent who will receive, directly or indirectly, remuneration for
solicitation of Subscribers of Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (each, a “Dealer Covered Person” and, together,
“Dealer Covered Persons”), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(i) of
Regulation D and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Corporation prior to the date hereof;(vii) the Agent represents that it is not aware of any person (other than any Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or
indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers in connection with the sale of any Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of
Regulation D; and
(viii) the offering of the Securities in the United States has been conducted by us in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement,
including Schedule A attached hereto.
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]Terms used in this certificate have the meanings given to them in the Agency Agreement, including Schedule A attached hereto, unless otherwise
defined herein.
Dated this day of , 2015.
[INSERT NAME OF AGENT] [INSERT NAME OF U.S. AFFILIATE]
By: By:
Name: Name:
Title: Title:Exhibit 1.1
Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.up to 24,150,000 Shares(subject to increase up to 27,772,500 shares)
SHARES($0.01 Par Value)
Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share
AGENCY AGREEMENT
May 14, 2014
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.10 South Wacker DriveInvestment Banking, Suite 3400Chicago, Illinois 60606
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. (the “Holding Company”), a newly formed Maryland corporation, Hyde Park Bancorp, MHC, a Massachusetts­chartered mutual holding company (the “MHC”), Hyde Park Bancorp, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the “Mid­Tier”), and Blue Hills Bank, aMassachusetts­chartered stock savings bank (the “Bank” and together with the Holding Company, the MHC and the Mid­Tier, the “Blue HillsParties”), hereby confirm their agreement with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (the “Agent”) as follows:
Section 1. The Offering. The MHC, in accordance with the plan of conversion as adopted by the Boards of Directors of each of the Blue HillsParties (the “Plan”), intends to convert from the current mutual holding company form of organization to a stock holding company form oforganization (the “Conversion”). Pursuant to the Plan, the Holding Company will offer and sell up to 24,150,000 shares (subject to increase up to27,772,500 shares) of its common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the “Shares”), in a subscription offering (the “Subscription Offering”) to (1)depositors of the Bank with Qualifying Deposits (as defined in the Plan) as of February 28, 2013 (“Eligible Account Holders”), (2) the Bank’s tax­qualified employee benefit plans, including the employee stock ownership plan established by the Bank (the “ESOP”), and (3) employees, officers,directors, trustees and corporators of the Bank, the Mid-Tier and the MHC who do not have a higher priority to purchase stock. Subject to the priorsubscription rights of the above­listed parties, the Holding Company may offer for sale in a direct community offering (the “Community Offering”and when referred to together with or subsequent to the Subscription Offering, the “Subscription and Community Offering”) the Shares notsubscribed for or ordered in the Subscription Offering to members of the general public to whom a copy of the Prospectus (as hereinafter defined)is delivered with a preference given first to natural persons and trusts of natural persons residing in the local community as defined in the Plan, andthereafter to cover orders of other members of the general public. It is anticipated that Shares not subscribed for in the Subscription andCommunity Offering may be offered to certain members of the general public on a best efforts basis through a selected dealers agreement (the“Syndicated Community Offering”) or to certain members of the general public in a firm commitment underwritten offering (the “UnderwrittenOffering”) with the Agent acting as sole book­running manager (the Underwritten Offering, Subscription Offering, Community Offering andSyndicated Community Offering are collectively referred to as the “Offering”). It is acknowledged that the purchase of Shares in the Offering issubject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as described in the Plan and that the Holding Company may reject, in whole or in part,any order received in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering.The Holding Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) a registration statement on Form S-1 (FileNo. 333­194486) (the “Registration Statement”), containing a prospectus relating to the Subscription and Community Offering, for the registration ofthe Shares under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”), and has filed such amendments thereof and such amended prospectuses as may havebeen required to the date hereof. The term “Registration Statement” shall include all financial schedules and exhibits thereto, as amended, includingpost-effective amendments. The prospectus, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the Registration Statement initially becameeffective is hereinafter called the “Prospectus,” except that if any prospectus is filed by the Holding Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of therules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the “1933 Act Regulations”) differing from the prospectus on file at the time theRegistration Statement initially became effective, the term “Prospectus” shall refer to the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from andafter the time said prospectus is filed with the Commission.
In accordance with the Massachusetts General Laws and the rules and regulations governing the conversion of Massachusetts mutualholding companies to stock holding companies (including, without limitation, Chapter 167H of the Massachusetts General Laws and Chapter 33,Subpart D of the Code of Massachusetts Regulations), as from time to time amended or supplemented (the “Massachusetts Regulations”), theMHC has filed the Plan with the Massachusetts Division of Banks (the “Division”) and has filed such amendments thereto and supplementarymaterials as may have been required to the date hereof (such application, as amended to date, if applicable, and as subsequently amended, ifapplicable, is hereinafter referred to as the “Massachusetts Conversion Application”), including copies of the MHC’s Notice and InformationStatement for a Special Meeting of its Corporators relating to the Conversion (the “Information Statement”), the Appraisal, and the Prospectus.
In addition, the Holding Company has filed with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “FRB”) an Application toBecome a Bank Holding Company and/or Acquire an Additional Bank or Bank Holding Company on Form FR Y­3 (the “Holding CompanyApplication”) to become a bank holding company under Section 3 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”), as ineffect at the time and the FRB has approved the Holding Company Application. The Massachusetts Conversion Application and the HoldingCompany Application are collectively referred to herein as the “Applications”.
Section 2. Retention of Agent; Compensation; Sale and Delivery of the Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the BlueHills Parties hereby appoint the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and conversion agent (i) to utilize its best efforts to solicit subscriptionsfor Shares and to advise and assist the Holding Company and the Bank with respect to the sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to participate inthe Offering in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation or to act as sole book-running manager in the Underwritten Offering (ifnecessary).
On the basis of the representations, warranties, and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, theAgent accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and advise the Blue Hills Parties as to the matters set forth in the letter agreements,dated October 7, 2013, among the MHC, the Mid-Tier, the Bank and the Agent (a copy of each of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A and ExhibitB). It is acknowledged by the Blue Hills Parties that the Agent shall not be required to purchase any Shares in the Subscription Offering,Community Offering, and Syndicated Community Offering or be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent with all applicable laws,regulations, decisions or orders.
 
2The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 daysafter the completion of the Subscription Offering, unless extended (the “End Date”). All fees or expenses due to the Agent but unpaid will bepayable to the Agent in next day funds at the earlier of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) or the End Date. In the event the Offering isextended beyond the End Date, the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent may agree to renew this Agreement under mutually acceptable terms.
In the event the Holding Company is unable to sell a minimum of 17,850,000 Shares within the period herein provided, this Agreement shallterminate and the Holding Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount which it may havereceived from them plus accrued interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to theother parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the Offering is terminated for any reasonnot attributable to the action or inaction of the Agent, the Agent shall be paid the fees due to the date of such termination pursuant tosubparagraphs (a) and (e) below.
The Agent shall receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:
(a) A management fee of $50,000 payable in four installments of $12,500 on the first day of October 2013, December 2013, March 2014and June 2014. Such fees shall be deemed to have been earned when due. Should the Offering be terminated for any reason not attributable to theaction or inaction of Agent, Agent shall have earned and be entitled to be paid fees accruing through the stage at which point the terminationoccurred.
(b) A Success Fee of 0.85% shall be paid based on the aggregate purchase price of the Shares sold in the Subscription Offering and theCommunity Offering excluding shares purchased by the Blue Hills Parties’ officers, directors, trustees or employees (or members of their immediatefamily) plus any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock based compensation plans or similar plan created by the Blue Hills Parties for some or all of theirdirectors or employees or by the foundation (or any shares contributed to the foundation). The Management Fee described in Section 2(a) abovewill be credited against the Success Fee paid pursuant to this paragraph.
(c) If any of the Shares remain available after the Subscription Offering and Community Offering, at the request of the HoldingCompany, Agent will seek to form a syndicate of registered broker-dealers to assist in the sale of Shares on a best efforts basis, subject to the termsand conditions set forth in a selected dealers agreement to be entered into between the Holding Company and Agent. Agent will endeavor todistribute the Shares among dealers in a fashion which best meets the distribution objectives of the Holding Company and the Plan. Agent will bepaid a fee not to exceed 5.25% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares sold in the Syndicated Community Offering. From this fee, Agent willpass onto selected broker-dealers, who assist in the Syndicated Community Offering, an amount competitive with gross underwriting discountscharged at such time for comparable amounts of stock sold at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment. Fees with respect topurchases affected with the assistance of a broker/dealer other than Agent shall be transmitted by Agent to such broker/dealer. The decision toutilize selected broker-dealers will be made by Agent upon consultation with the Holding Company.
(d) The Holding Company may engage Agent to offer the Shares to certain members of the general public in the Underwritten Offeringwith Agent acting as sole book-running manager. In the event that Agent sells Shares in the Underwritten Offering, the underwriting discount willequal 5.25% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares sold in the Underwritten Offering to Agent and to any other broker-dealer participatingas an underwriter in the Underwritten Offering.
 
3(e) If, as a result of any resolicitation of subscribers undertaken by the Holding Company, the Agent reasonably determines that it isrequired or requested to provide significant services, the Agent will be entitled to additional compensation for such services, which additionalcompensation will not exceed $50,000.
(f) The Holding Company shall reimburse the Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including costs of travel, meals andlodging, photocopying, telephone, facsimile and couriers, etc. not to exceed $25,000. In addition, the Holding Company will reimburse the Agent forfees and expenses of its counsel not to exceed $100,000. In the event of unusual circumstances or delays or a re-solicitation in connection with theOffering, including in the event of a material delay in the Offering that would require an update of the financial information in tabular form to reflecta period later than that set forth in the original filing of the Registration Statement, the Agent shall be reimbursed for its additional expenses up to amaximum of $10,000 in the case of additional out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent, and up to an additional $25,000 in the case of additional fees andexpenses of the Agent’s counsel. The Holding Company will bear the expenses of the Offering customarily borne by issuers including, withoutlimitation, regulatory filing fees, SEC, Blue Sky and Financial Institution Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) filing and registration fees; the fees of theHolding Company’s accountants, attorneys, appraiser, transfer agent and registrar, printing, mailing and marketing and syndicate expensesassociated with the Conversion and Offering; and the fees set forth under this Section 2.
Conversion Agent Services. The Agent shall also receive a fee of $50,000 for certain conversion agent services set forth in the letteragreement, dated October 7, 2013, among the MHC, the Mid-Tier, the Bank and the Agent (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B), $10,000of which has already been paid to the Agent and is nonrefundable and the balance of which shall be payable to the Agent upon completion of theOffering. The Holding Company will reimburse the Agent, upon request made from time to time, for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurredin connection with its conversion agent services not to exceed $25,000 without the consent of the Blue Hills Parties. However, in the event ofunusual circumstances, delays or a re-solicitation in connection with the offering, the total fees paid to the Agent may be increased by anadditional amount not to exceed $10,000.
Section 3. Sale and Delivery of Shares. If all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Conversion, including without limitation, thesale of all Shares required by the Plan to be sold, are satisfied, the Holding Company agrees to issue, or have issued, the Shares sold in the Offeringand to release for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing Date against payment to the Holding Company by any means authorized bythe Plan; provided, however, that no funds shall be released to the Holding Company until the conditions specified in Section 8 hereof shall havebeen complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent or its counsel. The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be made on adate and at a place acceptable to the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent as set forth in Section 14. Certificates for shares shall be delivered directly tothe purchasers in accordance with their directions as provided by the Holding Company to the Holding Company’s registrar and transfer agent.The date upon which the Holding Company shall release or deliver the Shares sold in the Offering, in accordance with the terms herein, is called the“Closing Date.” 
Section 4. Representations and Warranties of the Blue Hills Parties. The Blue Hills Parties, jointly and severally, represent and warrant toand agree with the Agent as follows: 
(a) The Registration Statement, which was prepared by the Blue Hills Parties and filed with the Commission, has been declared effectiveby the Commission, no stop order has been issued with respect thereto and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of theBlue Hills Parties, threatened by the Commission. At the time the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus contained therein (including anyamendment or supplement), became effective, at the Applicable Time
 
4(as defined in Section 4(c) hereof) and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with therequirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus contained therein (includingany amendment or supplement thereto), and any information regarding the Blue Hills Parties contained in Sales Information (as such term is definedin Section 9 hereof) authorized by the Blue Hills Parties for use in connection with the Offering, did not contain an untrue statement of a materialfact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances underwhich they were made, not misleading, and at the time any Rule 424(b) or (c) Prospectus is filed with the Commission and at the Closing Datereferred to in Section 3 hereof, the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto) and any information regarding the HoldingCompany contained in Sales Information (as such term is defined in Section 9 hereof) authorized by the Holding Company for use in connectionwith the Offering contains all statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations anddoes not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light ofthe circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and warranties in this Section 4(a)shall not apply to statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Holding Company bythe Agent or its counsel expressly regarding the Agent for use in the Prospectus (the “Agent Information,” which the Blue Hills Partiesacknowledge appears only in the first sentence of the second paragraph under the caption “The Conversion; Plan of Distribution—Marketing andDistribution; Compensation” in the Prospectus).
(b) None of the Blue Hills Parties has directly or indirectly distributed or otherwise used and will not directly or indirectly distribute orotherwise use any prospectus, any “free writing prospectus” (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations) or other offering material(including, without limitation, content on the Holding Company’s website that may be deemed to be a prospectus, free writing prospectus or otheroffering material) in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares other than any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus orother materials permitted by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations distributed by the Holding Company and reviewed and approved inadvance for distribution by the Agent. The Holding Company has not, directly or indirectly, prepared or used and will not directly or indirectly,prepare or use, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus except in compliance with the filing and other requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933Act Regulations; assuming that such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus is so sent or given after the Registration Statement was filed with theCommission (and after such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus was, if required pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, filed with the Commission),the sending or giving, by the Agent, of any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus will satisfy the provisions of Rules 164 and 433 (without reliance onsubsections (b), (c) and (d) for Rule 164); and the Holding Company is not an “ineligible issuer” (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 ActRegulations) as of the eligibility determination date for purposes of Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations with respect to the offering ofthe Shares or otherwise precluded under Rule 164 from using free writing prospectuses in connection with the offering of the Shares.
(c) As of the Applicable Time (as defined below), neither (i) the Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at orprior to the Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus, all considered together (collectively, the “General Disclosure Package”), nor (ii) anyindividual Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included anyuntrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of thecircumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from anyProspectus included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Shares or any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based uponand in conformity with written information furnished to the Holding Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. As used in this paragraphand elsewhere in this Agreement:
1. “Applicable Time” means each and every date when a potential purchaser submitted a subscription or otherwise committed topurchase Shares.
 
52. “Statutory Prospectus,” as of any time, means the Prospectus relating to the offered Shares that is included in the RegistrationStatement relating to the offered Shares immediately prior to the Applicable Time, including any document incorporated by referencetherein.
3. “Issuer­Represented Free Writing Prospectus” means any “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433(h) of the1933 Act Regulations, relating to the offered Shares in the form filed or required to be filed or, if not required to be filed, in the formretained in the Holding Company’s records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the 1933 Act Regulations. The term does not include anywriting exempted from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act, without regard to Rule 172or Rule 173 of the 1933 Act Regulations.
4. “Issuer­Represented General Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer­Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is intendedfor general distribution to prospective investors.
5. “Issuer­Represented Limited­Use Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer­Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is notan Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus. The term Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus alsoincludes any “bona fide electronic road show,” as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, that is made available withoutrestriction pursuant to Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise, even though not required to be filed with theCommission.
6. “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus” means any free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations thatis consented to by the Holding Company, the Bank and the Agent.
(d) Each Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, as of its date of first use and at all subsequent times through the completion ofthe Offering and sale of the offered Shares or until any earlier date that the Holding Company notified or notifies the Agent (as described in the nextsentence), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in theRegistration Statement. If at any time following the date of first use of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs anevent or development as a result of which such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the informationcontained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Shares or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omittedor would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at thatsubsequent time, not misleading, the Holding Company has notified or will notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-RepresentedFree-Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented and the Holding Company has promptly amended or will promptly amendor supplement such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. The foregoingtwo sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformitywith written information furnished to the Holding Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.
 
6(e) The Holding Company has filed the Holding Company Application with the FRB and has published notice of such filing and theHolding Company Application is accurate and complete in all material respects. The Holding Company has received written notice from the FRB ofits approval of the acquisition of the Bank, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the FRB suspending orrevoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened by the FRB orany other applicable regulator. At the date of such approval, the Holding Company Application complied in all material respects with the applicableprovisions of the BHCA and the regulations promulgated thereunder, except as the FRB or any other applicable regulator has expressly waivedsuch regulations in writing.
(f) The MHC has filed the Massachusetts Conversion Application with the Division and the Massachusetts Conversion Application isaccurate and complete in all material respects. The MHC has received written notice from the Division of its approval of the Prospectus, order formand marketing materials for use in the Offering, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the Divisionsuspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened bythe Division. On the Closing Date, the MHC will have received written notice from the Division of its approval of the Conversion, and no order willhave been issued by the Division suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor will have been initiated or, to the knowledgeof the Blue Hills Parties, threatened by the Division. At the date of the applicable approval, the Prospectus, order form and marketing materials foruse in the Offering and the Massachusetts Conversion Application complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of theMassachusetts Regulations, except as the Division or any other applicable regulator has expressly waived such Massachusetts Regulations inwriting.
(g) The Blue Hills Parties have filed the Prospectus and any supplemental sales literature with the Commission, the FRB, the Divisionand any other applicable regulator. The Prospectus, the Information Statement and all supplemental sales literature, as of the date the RegistrationStatement became effective and on the Closing Date referred to in Section 3, complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicablerequirements of the 1933 Act Regulations, the Massachusetts Regulations and, at or prior to the time of their first use, will have received allrequired authorizations of the Division and the Commission and any other applicable regulator for use in final form. No approval of any otherregulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the distribution of the Prospectus, the Information Statement andany supplemental sales literature that has not been obtained and a copy of which has been delivered to the Agent. The Holding Company and theBank have not distributed any offering material in connection with the Offering except for the Prospectus, the Information Statement and anysupplemental sales material that has been filed with the Registration Statement and the Applications and authorized for use by the Commission, theFRB and the Division, or any other applicable regulator. The information contained in the supplemental sales material filed as an exhibit to both theRegistration Statement and the Applications does not conflict in any material respects with information contained in the Registration Statement andthe Prospectus.
(h) The Plan has been adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Blue Hills Parties, and the offer and sale of the Shares will have beenconducted in all material respects in accordance with the Plan, the Massachusetts Regulations (except to the extent waived or otherwise approvedby the Division) and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisionsprecedent to the Offering imposed upon the Blue Hills Parties by the Division, the Commission, or any other regulatory authority and in the mannerdescribed in the Prospectus. To the best knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of theDivision or any other applicable regulator in approving the Conversion.
 
7(i) The Bank has been duly organized and validly existing as a Massachusetts-chartered stock savings bank and upon completion ofthe Conversion will continue to be a duly organized and validly existing Massachusetts-chartered savings bank in stock form, in both instancesduly authorized to conduct its business and own its property as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; the Bank has obtainedall licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business, except those that individually or inthe aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on the conduct of the business, financial condition, results of operations, affairs orprospects of the Blue Hills Parties, taken as a whole (a “Material Adverse Effect”); all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations are infull force and effect, and the Bank is in compliance with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operation of its business, exceptwhere failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Bank is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact businessand is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires suchqualification, unless the failure to be so qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Bank does notown equity securities or any equity interest in any other business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus or as would not be material tothe operations of the Blue Hills Parties, taken as a whole. Following completion of the Conversion and the Offering, the authorized capital stock ofthe Bank will consist of 10,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the “Bank Common Stock”), of which 5,000 shares of BankCommon Stock are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof; the issued and outstanding shares of Bank Common Stock have been dulyauthorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and following completion of the Conversion, will be owned directly by theHolding Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrances or legal or equitable claim; the terms and provisionsof the Bank Common Stock conform to all statements thereto contained in the Prospectus. The Conversion will be effected in all material respects inaccordance with all applicable statutes, regulations, decisions and orders; and, except with respect to the filing of certain post-sale, post-Conversion reports, and documents in compliance with the 1933 Act, the Massachusetts Regulations or letters of approval, at the Closing Date, allterms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Conversion imposed by the Commission, the FRB and the Division or any otherapplicable regulator, if any, will have been complied with by the Blue Hills Parties in all material respects or appropriate waivers will have beenobtained and all applicable notice and waiting periods will have been satisfied, waived or elapsed.
(j) The Holding Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State ofMaryland with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in theRegistration Statement and the Prospectus, and the Holding Company is, and at the Closing Date will be, qualified to do business as a foreigncorporation in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify would nothave a Material Adverse Effect. The Holding Company has obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently requiredfor the conduct of its business except those that individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such licenses,permits and governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Holding Company is in all material respects complying therewith andwith all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operation of its business. There are no outstanding warrants or options to purchaseany securities of the Holding Company.
(k) The MHC is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a mutual holding company organized under the laws of theCommonwealth of Massachusetts with full corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and to conduct its business asdescribed in the
 
8Registration Statement and the Prospectus and, at the Closing Date, the corporate existence of the MHC will cease to exist. The MHC has obtainedall licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business except those that individually or in theaggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and theMHC is in all material respects complying therewith and with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operations of its business.
(l) The MHC has no capital stock.
(m) The Mid-Tier is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation organized under the laws of theCommonwealth of Massachusetts with full corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and to conduct its business asdescribed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and, at the Closing Date, the corporate existence of the Mid-Tier will cease to exist. TheMid-Tier has obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business except thosethat individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations are in fullforce and effect, and the Mid-Tier is in all material respects complying therewith and with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to theoperations of its business. Immediately prior to the completion of the Conversion and the Offerings, the authorized capital stock of the Mid-Tier willconsist solely of 275,000 shares of common stock, no par value, of which 1,000 shares will be issued and outstanding and held by the MHC, and50,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. As of the date hereof, 18,724 shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A areissued and outstanding and held by The Secretary of the Treasury and no other shares of preferred stock will be issued or outstanding immediatelyprior to the completion of the Conversion and the Offerings.
(n) Except as described in the Prospectus there are no contractual encumbrances or restrictions or requirements or legal restrictions orrequirements required to be described therein, on the ability of any of the Blue Hills Parties, (A) to pay dividends or make any other distributions onits capital stock or to pay any indebtedness owed to another party, (B) to make any loans or advances to, or investments in, another party or (C) totransfer any of its property or assets to another party. Except as described in the Prospectus, there are no restrictions, encumbrances orrequirements affecting the payment of dividends or the making of any other distributions on any of the capital stock of the Holding Company.
(o) The Bank has properly administered all accounts for which it acts as a fiduciary, including but not limited to accounts for which itserves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of thegoverning documents and applicable state and federal law and regulation, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material AdverseEffect. Neither the Bank, nor any of its respective directors, officers or employees has committed any material breach of trust with respect to anysuch fiduciary account, and the accountings for each such fiduciary account are true and correct in all material respects and accurately reflect theassets of such fiduciary account in all material respects.
(p) The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (“FHLBB”). The deposit accounts of the Bank areinsured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, and upon consummation of the Conversion, the liquidation accounts for the benefit of EligibleAccount Holders will be duly established in accordance with the requirements of the Massachusetts Regulations. No proceedings for thetermination or revocation of such insurance are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened.
 
9(q) The Blue Hills Parties have good and marketable title to all real property and good title to all other assets material to the business ofthe Blue Hills Parties, taken as a whole, and to those properties and assets described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus as owned bythem, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except such as are described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus oras are not material to the business of the Blue Hills Parties, taken as a whole; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the BlueHills Parties, taken as a whole, under which the Blue Hills Parties hold properties, including those described in the Registration Statement andProspectus, are in full force and effect.
(r) The Holding Company has received an opinion of its special counsel, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. (“Luse Gorman”), withrespect to the legality of the Shares to be issued and the federal income tax consequences of the Conversion and the opinion of Wolf & Co., P.C.,with respect to the Massachusetts state income tax consequences of the Conversion, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the RegistrationStatement; all material aspects of such opinions are accurately summarized in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The facts upon whichsuch opinions are based are truthful, accurate and complete in all material respects. None of Blue Hills Parties has taken or will take any actioninconsistent therewith.
(s) Each of the Blue Hills Parties has all such power, authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into thisAgreement, to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and to issue and sell the Shares to be sold by the Holding Company as providedherein and as described in the Prospectus, subject to approval or confirmation by the Division or any other applicable regulator of the finalAppraisal. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated have beenduly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of each of the Blue Hills Parties. This Agreement has been validlyexecuted and delivered by each of the Blue Hills Parties and, assuming due execution and delivery by the Agent, is the valid, legal and bindingagreement of each of the Blue Hills Parties enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as the enforceability thereof may be limited bybankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or the rightsof creditors of bank holding companies, the accounts of whose subsidiaries are insured by the FDIC, or by general equity principles, regardless ofwhether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to the extent, if any, that the provisions of Sections 9 and10 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy or pursuant to applicable Federal law and the rules and regulations of the FRB).
(t) None of the Blue Hills Parties is in violation of any directive received from the FRB, the Division or the FDIC to make any materialchange in the method of conducting its business so as to comply in all material respects with all applicable statutes and regulations (including,without limitation, regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the FRB, the Division or the FDIC) and, except as may be set forth in theRegistration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or by anycourt, regulatory authority or governmental agency or body, pending or, to the knowledge of any of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened, which mightmaterially and adversely affect the Offering, or which might result in any Material Adverse Effect.
(u) The consolidated financial statements, schedules and notes related thereto which are included in the General Disclosure Packageand the Prospectus fairly present the balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in equity capital and statement of cash flows of theMHC on a consolidated basis at the respective dates indicated and for the respective periods covered thereby and comply as to form in all materialrespects with the applicable accounting requirements of the 1933 Act Regulations and Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Suchconsolidated financial statements,
 
10schedules and notes related thereto have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ofAmerica (“GAAP”) consistently applied through the periods involved, present fairly in all material respects the information required to be statedtherein and are consistent with the most recent financial statements and other reports filed by the Blue Hills Parties with the Division, the FDIC andthe FRB, except that accounting principles employed in such regulatory filings conform to the requirements of the Division, the FDIC and the FRBand not necessarily to GAAP. The other financial, statistical and pro forma information and related notes included in the Prospectus present fairlythe information shown therein on a basis consistent with the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Blue Hills Partiesincluded in the Prospectus, and as to the pro forma adjustments, the adjustments made therein have been properly applied on the basis describedtherein.
(v) The Blue Hills Parties carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct oftheir respective businesses and the value of their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in a similar industry.
(w) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement including the Prospectus and except asdisclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (i) there has not been any material adverse change, financial or otherwise, in thecondition of the Blue Hills Parties and their subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, or in the earnings, capital, properties, business or prospectsof the Blue Hills Parties and their subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business; (ii) there hasnot been any material increase in the long­term debt of any of the Blue Hills Parties or in the principal amount of the Blue Hills Parties’ consolidatedassets which are classified by any of such entities as impaired, substandard, doubtful or loss or in loans past due 90 days or more or real estateacquired by foreclosure, by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or deemed in-substance foreclosure or any material decrease in equity capital or total assetsof any of the Blue Hills Parties; nor has any of the Blue Hills Parties issued any securities (other than in connection with the incorporation of theHolding Company) or incurred any liability or obligation for borrowing other than in the ordinary course of business; (iii) there have not been anymaterial transactions entered into by the Blue Hills Parties; (iv) there has been no material adverse change in any of the Blue Hills Parties’relationship with its insurance carriers, including, without limitation, cancellation or other termination of any of the Blue Hills Parties’ fidelity bondor any other type of insurance coverage; (v) there has been no material change in management of any of the Blue Hills Parties; (vi) none of the BlueHills Parties has sustained any material loss or interference with its respective business or properties from fire, flood, windstorm, earthquake,accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance; (vii) none of the Blue Hills Parties has defaulted in the payment of principal orinterest on any outstanding debt obligations; (viii) the capitalization, liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Blue Hills Parties conform inall material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (ix) none of the Blue HillsParties has any material liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except as set forth in the Prospectus.
(x) None of the Blue Hills Parties is (i) in violation of their respective articles, charters, organizational certificates or bylaws (and none ofthe Blue Hills Parties will be in violation of its articles of incorporation, charters, organizational certificates or bylaws upon completion of theConversion), or (ii) in default (nor has any event occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a defect) in the performanceor observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant, or condition contained in any contract, lease, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, or otherinstrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Blue HillsParties is subject, except for defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and there are no contracts ordocuments of the Blue Hills Parties that are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or the Applications that have
 
11not been so filed. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated will not: (i) conflictwith or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the assets of any of theBlue Hills Parties pursuant to the respective articles of incorporation, charters or bylaws of the Blue Hills Parties or any contract, lease or otherinstrument in which the Blue Hills Parties has a beneficial interest, or any applicable law, rule, regulation or order; (ii) violate any authorization,approval, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to any of the Blue Hills Parties; or (iii) result in the creation of any materiallien, charge or encumbrance upon any property of the Blue Hills Parties.
(y) All documents made available or delivered by, or to be made available to or delivered by the Blue Hills Parties or theirrepresentatives in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares, including records of account holders and depositors of the Bank, or inconnection with the Agent’s exercise of due diligence, except for those documents which were prepared by parties other than the Blue Hills Partiesor their representatives, were on the dates on which they were delivered, or will be on the dates on which they are to be delivered, true, completeand correct in all material respects.
(z) Upon consummation of the Conversion, the authorized, issued and outstanding equity capital of the Holding Company will be withinthe range set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization,” and no Shares have been or will beissued and outstanding prior to the Closing Date; the Shares will have been duly and validly authorized for issuance and, when issued anddelivered by the Holding Company pursuant to the Plan against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plan and in theProspectus, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, except for shares purchased by the ESOP with funds borrowed from theHolding Company to the extent payment therefor in cash has not been received by the Holding Company; except to the extent that subscriptionrights and priorities pursuant thereto exist pursuant to the Plan, no preemptive rights exist with respect to the Shares; and the terms and provisionsof the Shares will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. On theClosing Date, the Shares will have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Stock Market, subject to issuance. Upon the issuance of theShares, good title to the Shares will be transferred from the Holding Company to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor, subject to suchclaims as may be asserted against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.
(aa) No default exists, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default on the part ofany of the Blue Hills Parties in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant, agreement, obligation, representation, warranty orcondition of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, bank loan or credit agreement, lease, license, permit or any other instrument or agreementto which the Blue Hills Parties is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective property is bound or affected which, in any such case,could have, individually or in the aggregate with other breaches, violations or defaults, a Material Adverse Effect; each of such agreements is in fullforce and effect and is the legal, valid and binding agreement of the applicable party and the other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance withits terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditorsgenerally and subject to general principles of equity and no other party to any such agreement has instituted or, to the knowledge of the Blue HillsParties, threatened any action or proceeding wherein any of the Blue Hills Parties or any subsidiary thereof would or might be alleged to be indefault thereunder where such action or proceeding, if determined adversely to the Blue Hills Parties, would have a Material Adverse Effect. Thereare no contracts or documents that are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement, theProspectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus which are not so filed or described as required, and such contracts and documents as aresummarized in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus are fairly summarized in all material respects.No party has sent or received any notice indicating the
 
12termination of or intention to terminate any of the contracts or agreements referred to or described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, orany Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, or filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, no suchtermination has been threatened by any party to any such contract or agreement.
(bb) Subsequent to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except asotherwise may be indicated or contemplated in the Registration Statement, none of the Blue Hills Parties has or will have issued any securities orincurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money, except borrowings from the same or similar sources indicated in theProspectus in the ordinary course of its business.
(cc) Except for the Savings Banks Employees Retirement Association Pension Plan and those plans set forth on Schedule 4(cc), none ofthe Blue Hills Parties maintains any “pension plan,” as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”). Inaddition, (A) the employee benefit plans, including employee welfare benefit plans, of the Blue Hills Parties (the “Employee Plans”) have beenoperated in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), all regulations,rulings and announcements promulgated or issued thereunder and all other applicable laws and governmental regulations, (B) no reportable eventunder Section 4043(c) of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan of the Blue Hills Parties for which the reporting requirements havenot been waived by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, (C) no prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, for which an exemptiondoes not apply, has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan of the Blue Hills Parties and (D) all Employee Plans that are group health planshave been operated in compliance with the group health plan continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code, except to theextent such noncompliance, reportable event or prohibited transaction would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened, claims by or on behalf of any Employee Plan, by any employee orbeneficiary covered under any such Employee Plan or by any governmental authority, or otherwise involving such Employee Plans or any of theirrespective fiduciaries (other than for routine claims for benefits).
(dd) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the execution and delivery ofthis Agreement or the issuance of the Shares, except for action by the Commission declaring the Registration Statement effective, and approval bythe FRB, the Division and any necessary qualification, notification, registration or exemption under the securities or blue sky laws of the variousstates in which the Shares are to be offered, and except as may be required under the rules and regulations of the FINRA.
(ee) Wolf & Co., P.C., which has certified the audited consolidated financial statements of the MHC included in the Prospectus, hasadvised the Blue Hills Parties in writing that they are, with respect to the Blue Hills Parties, independent registered public accountants within theapplicable rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
(ff) RP Financial LC, which has prepared the Appraisal, has advised the Blue Hills Parties in writing that it is independent of the BlueHills Parties within the meaning of the Massachusetts Regulations and is believed by the Blue Hills Parties to be experienced and expert in thevaluation and the appraisal of business entities, including savings banks, and the Blue Hills Parties believe that RP Financial LC has prepared thepricing information set forth in the Prospectus in accordance with the requirements of the Massachusetts Regulations.
(gg) The Blue Hills Parties have timely filed or extended all required federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns required tobe filed; the Blue Hills Parties have timely paid all
 
13taxes that have become due and payable in respect of such returns and no deficiency has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxingauthority. The Blue Hills Parties have no knowledge of any tax deficiency which has been or might be assessed against them which, if subject to anunfavorable decision, ruling or finding, could have, individually or in the aggregate with other tax deficiencies, a Material Adverse Effect. Allmaterial tax liabilities have been adequately provided for in the financial statements of the Blue Hills Parties in accordance with GAAP. There are notransfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under Federal law or the laws of any state, or any political subdivision thereof, required to be paid inconnection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Holding Company or with the issuance or sale by the Holding Company of theShares.
(hh) Each of the Blue Hills Parties is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable financial record-keeping and reportingrequirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the regulations and rules thereunder. The Bankhas established compliance programs and is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and allapplicable regulations promulgated thereunder, and, except as disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no charge, investigation, action, suit orproceeding before any court, regulatory authority or governmental entity or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatenedregarding the Bank’s compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder.
(ii) All Sales Information (as defined in Section 9(a)) used by the Holding Company in connection with the Conversion that is requiredby the Division to be filed has been filed with and approved by the Division or any other applicable regulator.
(jj) Except for the loan to the ESOP by the Holding Company or a subsidiary of the Holding Company, to the knowledge of the Blue HillsParties, none of the Blue Hills Parties or the employees of the Blue Hills Parties has made any payment of funds as a loan for the purchase of theShares or made any other payment of funds prohibited by law, and no funds have been set aside to be used for any payment prohibited by law.
(kk) None of the Blue Hills Parties has: (i) issued any securities within the last 18 months (except for notes to evidence bank loans andreverse repurchase agreements or other liabilities in the ordinary course of business or as described in the Prospectus); (ii) had any materialdealings within the 12 months prior to the date hereof with any member of the FINRA, or any person related to or associated with such member,other than discussions and meetings relating to the proposed Offering and routine purchases and sales of United States government and agencyand other securities in the ordinary course of business; (iii) entered into a financial or management consulting agreement except as contemplatedhereunder; and (iv) engaged any intermediary between the Agent and the Holding Company or the Bank in connection with the offering of theShares, and no person is being compensated in any manner for such service.
(ll) The Blue Hills Parties have not relied upon the Agent or its legal counsel for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection withthe Conversion.
(mm) The records used by the Blue Hills Parties to determine the identities of Eligible Account Holders and employees, officers,directors, trustees and corporators of the Bank, the Mid-Tier and the MHC are accurate and complete in all material respects.
(nn) None of the Blue Hills Parties is or intends to conduct business in a manner which would cause it to become an “investmentcompany,” an entity “controlled” by an “investment company” or an “investment adviser” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of1940, as amended, or the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.
 
14(oo) None of the Blue Hills Parties or any properties owned or operated by any of the Blue Hills Parties, is in violation of or liable underany Environmental Law (as defined below), except for such violations or liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a MaterialAdverse Effect. There are no actions, suits or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations (including, without limitation, notices,demand letters or requests for information from any environmental agency) instituted or pending or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties,threatened relating to the liability of any property owned or operated by the Blue Hills Parties under any Environmental Law. To the knowledge ofthe Blue Hills Parties, there are no events or circumstances that could form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit orproceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Blue Hills Parties relating to any Environmental Law. Forpurposes of this subsection, the term “Environmental Law” means any federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code,license, permit, authorization, approval, consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with any regulatory authority relating to (i) theprotection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water, vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinkingwater supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment,generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of any substance presently listed, defined, designated orclassified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, whether by type or by quantity, including any material containingany such substance as a component.
(pp) The Blue Hills Parties maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A)transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permitpreparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets, (C)access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and (D) the recorded accounts or assets arecompared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference. The books, records andaccounts and systems of internal accounting control of the Blue Hills Parties and its subsidiaries comply in all material respects with therequirements of Section 13(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”). The Blue Hills Parties have established andmaintain “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a­15(e) under the 1934 Act) that are effective in ensuring that the informationthe Holding Company will be required to disclose in the reports it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to theHolding Company’s management (including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer) in a timely manner and recorded, processed,summarized and reported within the periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. To the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, Wolf & Co.,P.C. and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors have been advised of: (A) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the design oroperation of internal control over financial reporting which could adversely affect the Blue Hills Parties’ ability to record, process, summarize, andreport financial data; and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in theBlue Hills Parties’ internal accounting controls.
(qq) All of the loans represented as assets of the Bank in the Prospectus meet or are exempt from all requirements of federal, state andlocal law pertaining to lending, including, without limitation, truth in lending (including the requirements of Regulation Z and 12 C.F.R. Part 226),real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, equal credit opportunity and all disclosure laws applicable to such loans, except forviolations which, if asserted, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
15(rr) To the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, there are not and have not been any affiliations or associations (as such terms aredefined by the FINRA) between any member of the FINRA and any of the Blue Hills Parties’ officers, directors or 5% or greater security holders,except as set forth in the Registration Statement, filings with FINRA or the Prospectus.
(ss) The Holding Company has taken all actions necessary to obtain at the Closing Date a blue sky memorandum from Luse Gorman.
(tt) Any certificates signed by an officer of any of the Blue Hills Parties pursuant to the conditions of this Agreement and delivered tothe Agent or their counsel that refers to this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by such Blue Hills Party to the Agentas to the matters covered thereby with the same effect as if such representation and warranty were set forth herein.
(uu) The statistical and market related data contained in any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus and the RegistrationStatement are based on or derived from sources which the Blue Hills Parties believe were reliable and accurate at the time they were filed with theCommission. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the 1933 Act and Section 21E of the 1934 Act) contained in theRegistration Statement, the Prospectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or hasbeen disclosed other than in good faith.
(vv) At or prior to the Closing, the Holding Company will have filed a Form 8-A with the Commission registering the Shares underSection 12(b) of the Exchange Act.
Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants to the Blue Hills Parties as follows:
(a) The Agent is a corporation and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of New York with full power andauthority to provide the services to be furnished to the Blue Hills Parties hereunder.
(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly andvalidly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Agent, and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by theAgent and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Agent, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the legality, validity, bindingnature and enforceability thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, conservatorship, receivership or othersimilar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and (ii) general equity principles regardless of whether suchenforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
(c) Each of the Agent and its employees, agents and representatives who shall perform any of the services hereunder shall be dulyauthorized and empowered, and shall have all licenses, approvals and permits necessary to perform such services; and the Agent is a registeredselling agent in each of the jurisdictions in which the Shares are to be offered by the Holding Company in reliance upon the Agent as a registeredselling agent as set forth in the blue sky memorandum prepared with respect to the Offering.
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Agent, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby andcompliance with the terms and provisions hereof will not conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms, provisions or conditions of, orconstitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default) under, the articles of incorporation or bylawsof the Agent or any material agreement, indenture or other instrument to which the Agent is a party or by which it or its property is bound.
 
16(e) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the Agent’s execution anddelivery of this Agreement, except as may have been received.
(f) There is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or by any court, regulatory authority or government agency or body or, tothe knowledge of the Agent, pending or threatened, which might materially adversely affect the Agent’s performance under this Agreement.
Section 6. Covenants of the Blue Hills Parties. The Blue Hills Parties hereby jointly and severally covenant and agree with the Agent asfollows:
(a) The Holding Company will not, at any time prior to or after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective, file anyamendment or supplement to the Registration Statement without providing the Agent and its counsel an opportunity to review such amendment orsupplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent and its counsel shall reasonably object.
(b) If at any time following issuance of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event ordevelopment as a result of which such Issuer Represented Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained inthe Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material factnecessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at the subsequent time, not misleading, the HoldingCompany has notified or will notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus may cease until it isamended or supplemented and the Holding Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer-Represented FreeWriting Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission; provided, however, that this covenant shall not apply to anystatement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Holding Company by the Agentexpressly for use therein.
(c) Each of the Blue Hills Parties represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, and the Agent representsand agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Blue Hills Parties, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the offeredShares that would constitute an “issuer free writing prospectus” as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, or that would constitute a “freewriting prospectus,” as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations, required to be filed with the Commission. The Holding Companyrepresents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined inRule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, and has complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 433 of the 1933 ActRegulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping.The Blue Hills Parties need not treat any communication as a free writing prospectus if it is exempt from the definition of prospectus pursuant toclause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act without regard to Rule 172 or 173 of the 1933 Act Regulations.
(d) The Holding Company will not, at any time prior to or after the Holding Company Application is approved by the FRB and any otherapplicable regulator, file any amendment or supplement to such Holding Company Application without providing the Agent and its counsel anopportunity to review such amendment or supplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent and itscounsel shall reasonably object.
 
17(e) The Blue Hills Parties will not, at any time prior to or after the Massachusetts Conversion Application is approved by the Division,file any amendment or supplement to such Massachusetts Conversion Application without providing the Agent and its counsel an opportunity toreview such amendment or supplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent and its counsel shallreasonably object.
(f) The Blue Hills Parties will use their best efforts to cause any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement to be declaredeffective by the Commission and any post-approval amendment to the Applications to be approved by the FRB, the Division or any otherapplicable regulator and will immediately upon receipt of any information concerning the events listed below notify the Agent: (i) when theRegistration Statement, as amended, has become effective; (ii) when the Applications, as amended, have been approved by the FRB or theDivision; (iii) of any comments from the Commission, the FRB, the Division or any other governmental entity with respect to the Conversioncontemplated by this Agreement; (iv) of the request by the Commission, the FRB, the Division or any other governmental entity for any amendmentor supplement to the Registration Statement, the Applications or for additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission, the FRB, theDivision or any other governmental entity of any order or other action suspending the Conversion or the use of the Registration Statement or theProspectus or any other filing of the Holding Company or the Bank under the BHCA, the Massachusetts Regulations or other applicable law, or thethreat of any such action; (vi) of the issuance by the Commission, the FRB, the Division or any authority of any stop order suspending theeffectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the initiation or threat of initiation or threat of any proceedings for that purpose; or (vii) of theoccurrence of any event mentioned in paragraph (j) below. The Blue Hills Parties will make every reasonable effort (i) to prevent the issuance by theCommission, the FRB, the Division or any other federal or state authority of any such order and, (ii) if any such order shall at any time be issued, toobtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible time.
(g) The Blue Hills Parties will deliver to the Agent and to its counsel as many conformed copies of the Registration Statement or theApplications, as originally filed and of each amendment or supplement thereto, including all exhibits, as the Agent may reasonably request.
(h) The Blue Hills Parties will furnish to the Agent, from time to time during the period when the Prospectus (or any later prospectusrelated to this offering) is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of such Prospectus (as amended orsupplemented) as the Agent may reasonably request for the purposes contemplated by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or therules and regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act (the “1934 Act Regulations”). The Holding Company authorizes the Agent to use theProspectus (as amended or supplemented, if amended or supplemented) in any lawful manner contemplated by the Plan in connection with the saleof the Shares by the Agent.
(i) The Blue Hills Parties will comply with any and all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Offeringimposed by the Commission, the Division or any other applicable regulator or the Massachusetts Regulations and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 ActRegulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations to be complied with prior to or subsequent to the Closing Date and when the Prospectus isrequired to be delivered, and during such time period the Blue Hills Parties will comply, at their own expense, with all requirements imposed uponthem by the Commission, the Division or any other applicable regulator or the Massachusetts Regulations, and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 ActRegulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 under the 1934 Act, in each case as from time totime in force, so far as necessary
 
18to permit the continuance of sales or dealing in the Shares during such period in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. TheHolding Company will comply with all undertakings contained in the Registration Statement.
(j) If, at any time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered, any event relating to or affecting any of the BlueHills Parties shall occur, as a result of which it is necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of counsel for the Holding Company and in the reasonableopinion of the Agent’s counsel, to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to make the Registration Statement orProspectus not misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, the Holding Company willimmediately so inform the Agent and prepare and file, at its own expense, with the Commission, the FRB and the Division or any other applicableregulator, and furnish to the Agent a reasonable number of copies, of an amendment or amendments of, or a supplement or supplements to, theRegistration Statement or Prospectus (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel after a reasonable time forreview) which will amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus so that as amended or supplemented it will not contain an untruestatement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances existing atthe time the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading. For the purpose of this Agreement, the Holding Company will timely furnish tothe Agent such information with respect to the Blue Hills Parties as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
(k) The Blue Hills Parties will take all necessary actions in cooperating with the Agent and furnish to whomever the Agent may directsuch information as may be required to qualify or register the Shares for offering and sale by the Holding Company or to exempt such Shares fromregistration, or to exempt the Holding Company as a broker-dealer and its officers, directors and employees as broker-dealers or agents under theapplicable securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in which the Shares are required under the Massachusetts Regulations to be sold or asthe Agent and the Holding Company may reasonably agree upon; provided, however, that the Holding Company shall not be obligated to file anygeneral consent to service of process, to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified, or to register its directors orofficers as brokers, dealers, salesmen or agents in any jurisdiction. In each jurisdiction where any of the Shares shall have been qualified orregistered as above provided, the Holding Company will make and file such statements and reports in each fiscal period as are or may be requiredby the laws of such jurisdiction.
(l) The liquidation account for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders will be duly established and maintained in accordance with therequirements of the Plan, the Massachusetts Regulations, and such Eligible Account Holders who continue to maintain their savings accounts inthe Bank will have an inchoate interest in their pro rata portion of the liquidation account, which shall have a priority superior to that of the holdersof the Common Stock in the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank.
(m) The Holding Company will not sell or issue, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, for a period of 90 days after the Closing Date,without the Agent’s prior written consent, any of its shares of common stock, other than the Shares or other than in connection with any plan orarrangement described in the Prospectus.
(n) The Holding Company will register its common stock under Section 12(b) of the 1934 Act. The Holding Company shall maintain theeffectiveness of such registration for not less than three years from the time of effectiveness or such shorter period as may be required by theDivision or any other applicable regulator.
 
19(o) During the period during which the Shares are registered under the 1934 Act or for three years from the date hereof, whicheverperiod is greater, the Holding Company will furnish to its shareholders as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year an annual report ofthe Holding Company (including a consolidated balance sheet and statements of consolidated income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of theHolding Company and its subsidiaries as at the end of and for such year, certified by independent registered public accountants in accordance withRegulation S-X under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act) and make available as soon as practicable after the end of each of the first three quarters ofeach fiscal year (beginning with the first fiscal quarter ending after the effective time of the Registration Statement) financial information of theHolding Company and its subsidiaries for such quarter in reasonable detail.
(p) During the period of three years from the date hereof, the Holding Company will furnish to the Agent: (i) as soon as practicable aftersuch information is publicly available, a copy of each report of the Holding Company furnished to or filed with the Commission under the 1934 Actor any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Holding Company is listed or quoted (including, but notlimited to, reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and all proxy statements and annual reports to stockholders), provided that the filing of suchdocuments through the Commission’s EDGAR system shall be deemed to satisfy this obligation; (ii) a copy of each other non­confidential report ofthe Holding Company mailed to its shareholders or filed with the Commission, the FRB, the Division or any other supervisory or regulatoryauthority or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Holding Company is listed or quoted, each pressrelease and material news items and additional documents and information with respect to the Holding Company or the Bank as the Agent mayreasonably request; and (iii) from time to time, such other nonconfidential information concerning the Holding Company or the Bank as the Agentmay reasonably request.
(q) The Holding Company and the Bank will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Prospectusunder the caption “How We Intend to Use the Proceeds From the Offering.”
(r) The Holding Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than 60 days after theclose of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with the provisions of Rule 158 of the 1933 Act Regulations)covering a twelve­month period beginning not later than the first day of the Holding Company’s fiscal quarter next following the effective date (asdefined in such Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.
(s) The Holding Company will use its best efforts to cooperate with the Agent to affect the trading of the Shares on the Nasdaq GlobalMarket on or prior to the Closing Date.
(t) The Holding Company will maintain appropriate arrangements for depositing all funds received from persons mailing or deliveringsubscriptions for or orders to purchase Shares in the Offering with the Bank, on an interest-bearing basis at the rate described in the Prospectusuntil the Closing Date and satisfaction of all conditions precedent to the release of Shares in the Offering in accordance with the Plan and asdescribed in the Prospectus or until refunds of such funds have been made to the persons entitled thereto or withdrawal authorizations canceled inaccordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus. The Holding Company will maintain such records of all funds received to permit thefunds of each subscriber to be separately insured by the FDIC (to the maximum extent allowable) and to enable the Holding Company to make theappropriate refunds of such funds in the event that such refunds are required to be made in accordance with the Plan and as described in theProspectus.
 
20(u) The Holding Company will report the use of proceeds of the Offering on its first periodic report filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and15(d) of the 1934 Act and on any subsequent periodic report as may be required pursuant to Rule 463 of the 1933 Act Regulations.
(v) The Holding Company will promptly take all necessary action to register as a bank holding company under Section 3 of the BHCA.
(w) The Holding Company and the Bank will take such actions and furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agentin order for the Agent to ensure compliance with FINRA Rule 5130.
(x) None of the Blue Hills Parties will amend the Plan without the consent of the Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonablywithheld.
(y) The Holding Company shall assist the Agent, if necessary, in connection with the allocation of the Shares in the event of anoversubscription and shall provide the Agent with any information necessary to assist the Holding Company in allocating the Shares in such eventand such information shall be accurate and reliable in all material respects.
(z) Prior to the Closing Date, the Holding Company will inform the Agent of any event or circumstances of which it is aware as a resultof which the Registration Statement and/or Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, would contain an untrue statement of a material fact oromit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading.
(aa) The Holding Company will not deliver the Shares until the Blue Hills Parties have satisfied or caused to be satisfied each conditionset forth in Section 8 hereof, unless such condition is waived in writing by the Agent.
(bb) Subsequent to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except asotherwise may be indicated or contemplated therein or set forth in an amendment or supplement thereto, none of the Blue Hills Parties will have: (i)issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money, except borrowings from the same or similarsources indicated in the Prospectus in the ordinary course of its business, or (ii) entered into any transaction which is material in light of thebusiness and properties of the Blue Hills Parties, taken as a whole.
(cc) Until the Closing Date, the Blue Hills Parties will conduct their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicablefederal and state laws, rules, regulations, decisions, directives and orders, including all decisions, directives and orders of the Commission, theFDIC, the FRB and the Division.
(dd) The facts and representations provided to Luse Gorman and Nutter, McClennen & Fish, LLP (“Nutter”) by the Blue Hills Partiesand upon which each of Luse Gorman and Nutter will base their opinions under Sections 8(c) and (d), respectively, are and will be truthful, accurateand complete.
(ee) The Blue Hills Parties will not distribute any offering material in connection with the Offering except for the Prospectus and anysupplemental sales material that has been filed with the Registration Statement and the Applications and authorized for use by the Commission, theFRB and the Division or any other applicable regulator. The information contained in any supplemental sales material (in addition to thesupplemental sales material filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and the Applications) shall not conflict with the information containedin the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
 
21(ff) The Holding Company will comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Wall StreetReform and Consumer Protection Act and all applicable rules, regulations, guidelines and interpretations promulgated thereunder by theCommission.
(gg) The Blue Hills Parties will not, prior to the Closing Time, incur any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, or enter into anymaterial transaction, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, except as contemplated by the Prospectus.
(hh) The Blue Hills Parties will use all reasonable efforts to comply with, or cause to be complied with, the conditions precedent to theseveral obligations of the Agent specified in Section 8.
Section 7. Payment of Expenses. Whether or not the Conversion is completed or the sale of the Shares by the Holding Company isconsummated, the Blue Hills Parties jointly and severally agree to pay or reimburse the Agent for: (a) all filing fees in connection with all filingsrelated to the Conversion with the FINRA; (b) any stock issue or transfer taxes which may be payable with respect to the sale of the Shares; (c)subject to Section 2(f), all expenses of the Conversion, including but not limited to the Agent’s attorneys’ fees and expenses, blue sky fees, transferagent, registrar and other agent charges, fees relating to auditing and accounting or other advisors and costs of printing all documents necessaryin connection with the Offering. In the event the Holding Company is unable to sell the minimum number of shares necessary to complete theConversion or the Conversion is terminated or otherwise abandoned, the Blue Hills Parties shall promptly reimburse the Agent in accordance withSection 2(f) hereof.
Section 8. Conditions to the Agent’s Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder, as to the Shares to be delivered at the ClosingDate, are subject, to the extent not waived in writing by the Agent, to the condition that all representations and warranties of the Blue Hills Partiesherein are, at and as of the commencement of the Offering and at and as of the Closing Date, true and correct in all material respects, the conditionthat the Blue Hills Parties shall have performed all of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or before such dates, and to the following furtherconditions:
(a) At the Closing Date, the Blue Hills Parties shall have conducted the Conversion in all material respects in accordance with the Plan,the BHCA, the Massachusetts Regulations (except to the extent waived or otherwise approved by the FRB, the Division and any other applicableregulator), and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedentto the Conversion imposed upon them by the FRB, the Division or any other applicable regulator.
(b) The Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the Commission and the Applications shall have been approvedby the FRB and the Division not later than 5:30 p.m. on the date of this Agreement, or with the Agent’s consent at a later time and date; and at theClosing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedingstherefore initiated or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened by the Commission or any state authority, and no order or other actionsuspending the authorization of the Prospectus or the consummation of the Conversion shall have been issued or proceedings therefore initiatedor, to the Blue Hills Parties’ knowledge, threatened by the Commission, the FRB, the Division, or any other regulatory authority.
 
22(c) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Agentand for its benefit, of Luse Gorman, special counsel for the Blue Hills Parties, in form and substance as attached hereto as Exhibit C.
(d) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Agentand for its benefit, of Nutter, special counsel for the Agent, in form and substance as attached hereto as Exhibit D.
(e) Prior to the mailing of the Prospectus, a blue sky memorandum from Luse Gorman relating to the Offering, including Agent’sparticipation therein, shall have been furnished to the Holding Company with a copy thereof addressed to Agent or upon which Luse Gorman shallstate the Agent may rely. The blue sky memorandum will relate to the necessity of obtaining or confirming exemptions, qualifications or theregistration of the Shares under applicable state securities law.
(f) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of each of theBlue Hills Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent’s Counsel, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) theyhave carefully examined the Prospectus and, in their opinion, at the time the Prospectus became authorized for final use, the Prospectus did notcontain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of thecircumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (ii) since the date the Prospectus became authorized for final use, no event hasoccurred which should have been set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Prospectus which has not been so set forth, includingspecifically, but without limitation, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties orbusiness of the Blue Hills Parties and the conditions set forth in this Section 8 have been satisfied; (iii) since the respective dates as of whichinformation is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no material adverse changein the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Blue Hills Parties independently, or of the Blue HillsParties considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) the representations and warranties in Section 4are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Date; (v) the Blue Hills Parties complied in allmaterial respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date and willcomply in all material respects with all obligations to be satisfied by them after the Closing Date; (vi) no stop order suspending the effectiveness ofthe Registration Statement has been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened by the Commission or any state authority;(vii) no order suspending the Conversion, the Offering or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose arepending or, to the knowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, threatened by the FRB, the Division, or any other regulatory authority; and (viii) to the bestknowledge of the Blue Hills Parties, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the FRB, the Division or any other applicableregulator approving the Conversion.
(g) None of the Blue Hills Parties shall have sustained, since the date of the latest financial statements included in the RegistrationStatement, the General Disclosure Package and Prospectus, any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or othercalamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as setforth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and since the respective dates as of which information is given in the RegistrationStatement and the Prospectus, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect that is in the Agent’s reasonable judgment sufficientlymaterial and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in themanner contemplated in the Prospectus.
 
23(h) Prior to and at the Closing Date: (i) in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, there shall have been no material adverse change in thefinancial condition, results of operations or business of the Blue Hills Parties considered as one enterprise, from that as of the latest dates as ofwhich such condition is set forth in the Prospectus, other than transactions referred to or contemplated therein; (ii) none of the Blue Hills Partiesshall have received from the FRB, the Division or the FDIC any direction (oral or written) to make any material change in the method of conductingtheir business with which it has not complied (which direction, if any, shall have been disclosed to the Agent) or which materially and adverselywould affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Blue Hills Parties taken as a whole; (iii) none of the Blue Hills Partiesshall have been in default (nor shall an event have occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under anyprovision of any agreement or instrument relating to any outstanding indebtedness; (iv) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity or beforeor by any federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency, not disclosed in the Prospectus, shall be pending or, to the knowledgeof the Blue Hills Parties, threatened against the any of the Blue Hills Parties or affecting any of their properties wherein an unfavorable decision,ruling or finding would materially and adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Blue Hills Parties taken as awhole; and (v) the Shares shall have been qualified or registered for offering and sale or exempted therefrom under the securities or blue sky laws ofthe jurisdictions as the Agent shall have reasonably requested and as agreed to by the Blue Hills Parties.
(i) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Agent shall receive a letter from Wolf & Co., P.C., dated as of the date hereofand addressed to the Agent: (i) confirming that Wolf & Co., P.C. is a firm of independent registered public accountants within the applicable rulesof the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and stating in effect that in its opinion the consolidated financial statementsand related notes of the MHC as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and covered by their opinion included in the Prospectus, and any other morerecent unaudited financial statements included in the Prospectus, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accountingrequirements and related published rules and regulations of the FRB and any other applicable regulator and the 1933 Act; (ii) stating in effect that,on the basis of certain agreed upon procedures (but not an audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board(United States)) consisting of a reading of the latest available consolidated financial statements of the MHC prepared by the MHC, a reading of theminutes of the meetings of the Boards of Directors of each of the Blue Hills Parties and consultations with officers of the MHC responsible forfinancial and accounting matters, nothing came to their attention which caused them to believe that: (A) the audited consolidated financialstatements and any unaudited interim financial statements included in the Prospectus are not in conformity with the 1933 Act, applicableaccounting requirements of the FRB, the Division and the FDIC and GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the auditedconsolidated financial statements included in the Prospectus; or (B) during the period from the date of the latest consolidated financial statementsincluded in the Prospectus to a specified date not more than three business days prior to the date of the Prospectus, except as has been describedin the Prospectus, there was any increase in long-term debt of the MHC, other than normal deposit fluctuations for the Bank; or (C) there was anydecrease in the total consolidated assets, total loans, the allowance for loan losses, total deposits or total equity of the MHC at the date of suchletter as compared with amounts shown in the latest balance sheet included in the Prospectus, except as has been described in the Prospectus; and(iii) stating that, in addition to the audit referred to in their opinion included in the Prospectus and the performance of the procedures referred to inclause (ii) of this subsection (i), they have compared with the general accounting records of the MHC, which are subject to the internal controls ofthe MHC, the accounting system and other data prepared by the MHC, directly from such accounting records, to the extent specified in such letter,such amounts and/or percentages set forth in the Prospectus as the Agent may reasonably request; and they have found such amounts andpercentages to be in agreement therewith (subject to rounding).
 
24(j) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a letter dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Agent, confirming the statements madeby Wolf & Co., P.C. in the letter delivered by it pursuant to subsection (i) of this Section 8, the “specified date” referred to in clause (ii) ofsubsection (i) to be a date specified in the letter required by this subsection (j) which for purposes of such letter shall not be more than threebusiness days prior to the Closing Date.
(k) At the Closing Date, the Holding Company shall receive a letter from RP Financial LC., dated the Closing Date (i) confirming that saidfirm is independent of the Blue Hills Parties and is experienced and expert in the area of corporate appraisals within the meaning of theMassachusetts Conversion Regulations, (ii) stating in effect that the Appraisal prepared by such firm complies in all material respects with 209CMR 33.08(3)(a), and (iii) further stating that its opinion of the aggregate pro forma market value of the Holding Company including the Bank, asmost recently updated, remains in effect.
(l) At or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive: (i) a copy of the letter from the FRB approving the Holding CompanyApplication; (ii) a copy of a letter from the Division approving the Massachusetts Conversion Application; (iii) confirmation that the Commissiondeclared the Registration Statement effective; (iv) certificates from the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts evidencing thevalid existence and good standing of the MHC and the Mid-Tier; (v) a certificate from the Division evidencing the good standing of the Bank; (vi) acertificate from the FDIC evidencing the Bank’s insurance of accounts; (vii) a certificate from the FHLBB evidencing the Bank’s membershiptherein; (viii) a certificate from the Maryland Department of Assessments & Taxation evidencing the good standing of the Holding Company and(ix) such other documents and certificates as the Agent may reasonably request.
(m) Subsequent to the date hereof, there shall not have occurred any of the following; (i) a suspension or limitation in trading insecurities generally on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) or in the over­the­counter market, or quotations halted generally on the NasdaqStock Market, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required by either ofsuch exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority; (ii) a general moratorium on theoperations of federal or state chartered depository institutions or a general moratorium on the withdrawal of deposits from federal or state chartereddepository institutions declared by federal or state authorities; (iii) the engagement by the United States in hostilities which have resulted in thedeclaration, on or after the date hereof, of a national emergency or war or a material decline in the price of equity or debt securities, if the effect ofsuch declaration or decline, in the Agent’s reasonable judgment, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering or the deliveryof the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
(n) At or prior to the Closing Date, counsel to the Agent shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they mayreasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the sale of the Shares as herein contemplated and related proceedings or in orderto evidence the occurrence or completeness of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, hereincontained; and all proceedings taken by the Blue Hills Parties in connection with the sale of the Shares as herein contemplated shall be satisfactoryin form and substance to the Agent or its counsel.
(o) All such opinions, certificates, letters and documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are reasonablysatisfactory in form and substance to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent. Any certificate signed by an officer of any of the Blue Hills Parties anddelivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent shall be deemed a representation and warranty by such Blue Hills Party to the Agent as to thestatements made therein.
 
25Section 9. Indemnification.
(a) Each of the Blue Hills Parties jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its officers and directors,employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the1934 Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, settlement expenses), joint orseveral, that the Agent or any of them may suffer or to which the Agent and any such persons may become subject under all applicable federal orstate laws or otherwise, and to promptly reimburse the Agent and any such persons upon written demand for any reasonable expense (including allreasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Agent or any of them in connection with investigating, preparing or defending anyactions, proceedings or claims (whether commenced or threatened) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions: (i) arise out ofor are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment orsupplement thereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, any Issuer-RepresentedGeneral Free Writing Prospectus, preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Applications (or any amendment orsupplement thereto), or any instrument or document executed by the Blue Hills Parties or based upon written information supplied by the HoldingCompany filed in any state or jurisdiction to register or qualify any or all of the Shares or to claim an exemption therefrom or provided to any stateor jurisdiction to exempt the Blue Hills Parties as a broker-dealer or its officers, directors and employees as broker-dealers or agents, under thesecurities laws thereof (collectively, the “Blue Sky Application”), or any document, advertisement, oral statement or communication (“SalesInformation”) prepared, made or executed by or on behalf of the Blue Hills Parties with its consent and based upon written or oral informationfurnished by or on behalf of the Blue Hills Parties, whether or not filed in any jurisdiction, in order to qualify or register the Shares or to claim anexemption therefrom under the securities laws thereof; (ii) arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of theforegoing documents or information a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of thecircumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) arise from any theory of liability whatsoever relating to or arising from or basedupon the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplementthereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer­Represented Limited­Use Free Writing Prospectus, any Issuer–Represented General FreeWriting Prospectus, the Applications (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information or otherdocumentation distributed in connection with the Conversion; provided, however, that no indemnification is required under this paragraph (a) tothe extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue material statement or alleged untrue materialstatement in, or material omission or alleged material omission from, the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto),preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer-Represented Limited-UseFree Writing Prospectus, any Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus, the Applications, any Blue Sky Application or SalesInformation made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Holding Company, by the Agent or its counselregarding the Agent, and provided, that it is agreed and understood that the only information furnished in writing to the Holding Company, by theAgent regarding the Agent is set forth in the Prospectus in the first sentence of the second paragraph under the caption “The Conversion; Plan ofDistribution—Marketing and Distribution; Compensation”; and, provided further, that such indemnification shall be limited to the extent prohibitedby the Commission, the FDIC, the Division and the FRB.
 
26(b) The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Blue Hills Parties, their directors and officers and each person, if any, whocontrols the Holding Company or the Bank within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act against any and allloss, liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses), joint or several, which they, or any of them,may suffer or to which they, or any of them may become subject under all applicable federal and state laws or otherwise, and to promptly reimbursethe Blue Hills Parties, and any such persons upon written demand for any expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel)incurred by them, or any of them, in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any actions, proceedings or claims (whether commencedor threatened) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions: (i) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegeduntrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Applications (or anyamendment or supplement thereto), the preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application orSales Information, (ii) are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing documents a material fact required to bestated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iii)arise from any theory of liability whatsoever relating to or arising from or based upon the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplementthereto), preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Applications (or any amendment or supplement thereto), orany Blue Sky Application or Sales Information or other documentation distributed in connection with the Offering; provided, however, that theAgent’s obligations under this Section 9(b) shall exist only if and only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement wasmade in, or such material fact or alleged material fact was omitted from, the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), thepreliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Applications (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any BlueSky Application or Sales Information in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Holding Company or the Bank,by the Agent or its counsel regarding the Agent, and provided, that it is agreed and understood that the only information furnished in writing tothe Holding Company or the Bank, by the Agent regarding the Agent is set forth in the Prospectus in the first sentence of the second paragraphunder the caption “The Conversion; Plan of Distribution­Marketing and Distribution; Compensation.”
(c) Each indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to each indemnifying party of any action, proceeding, claim (whethercommenced or threatened), or suit instituted against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify anindemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have on account of this Section 9 or otherwise. An indemnifying party mayparticipate at its own expense in the defense of such action. In addition, if it so elects within a reasonable time after receipt of such notice, anindemnifying party, jointly with any other indemnifying parties receiving such notice, may assume defense of such action with counsel chosen byit and approved by the indemnified parties that are defendants in such action, unless such indemnified parties reasonably object to suchassumption on the ground that there may be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in addition to those available to suchindemnifying party. If an indemnifying party assumes the defense of such action, the indemnifying parties shall not be liable for any fees andexpenses of counsel for the indemnified parties incurred thereafter in connection with such action, proceeding or claim, other than reasonable costsof investigation. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (and anylocal counsel that said firm may retain) for each indemnified party in connection with any one action, proceeding or claim or separate but similar orrelated actions, proceedings or claims in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances.
Section 10. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for inSection 9 is due in accordance with its terms
 
27but is for any reason held by a court to be unavailable from the Blue Hills Parties or the Agent, the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent shall contributeto the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including any investigation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and anyamount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding, but after deducting any contribution received by the Blue Hills Parties or the Agentfrom persons other than the other parties thereto, who may also be liable for contribution) in such proportion so that the Agent is responsible forthat portion represented by the percentage that the fees paid to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement (not including expenses) bearsto the gross proceeds received by the Holding Company from the sale of the Shares in the Offering, and the Blue Hills Parties shall be responsiblefor the balance. If, however, the allocation provided above is not permitted by applicable law, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to suchamount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative fault of the Blue Hills Partieson the one hand and the Agent on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages orliabilities (or actions, proceedings or claims in respect thereto), but also the relative benefits received by the Blue Hills Parties on the one hand andthe Agent on the other from the Offering (before deducting expenses). The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to informationsupplied by the Blue Hills Parties on the one hand or the Agent on the other and the parties’ relative intent, good faith, knowledge, access toinformation and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Blue Hills Parties and the Agent agree that it would not be justand equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 were determined by pro-rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which doesnot take into account the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 10. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as aresult of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions, proceedings or claims in respect thereof) referred to above in this Section 10 shall bedeemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending anysuch action, proceeding or claim. It is expressly agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense or berequired to contribute any amount pursuant to Section 9(b) or this Section 10 which in the aggregate exceeds the amount paid (excludingreimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement. It is understood that the above stated limitation on the Agent’s liability is essential tothe Agent and that the Agent would not have entered into this Agreement if such limitation had not been agreed to by the parties to thisAgreement. No person found guilty of any fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled tocontribution from any person who was not found guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The obligations of the Blue Hills Parties under thisSection 10 and under Section 9 shall be in addition to any liability which the Holding Company and the Agent may otherwise have. For purposes ofthis Section 10, each of the Agent’s and the Blue Hills Parties’ officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Agent or any of theBlue Hills Parties within the meaning of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Agent on the one hand, or,the Blue Hills Parties on the other hand. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit,claim or proceeding against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made against another party under this Section 10, willnotify such party from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify such party shall not relieve the party from whomcontribution may be sought from any other obligation it may have hereunder or otherwise than under this Section 10 unless and to the extent theparty has been materially prejudiced through the forfeiture by the other party of substantial rights and defenses.
Section 11. Termination. The Agent may terminate this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in Section 12 at any time after thisAgreement becomes effective as follows:
(a) If any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted the United States securities markets such as tomake it, in the Agent’s reasonable opinion,
 
28impracticable to proceed with the offering of the Shares; or if trading on the NYSE shall have suspended (except that this shall not apply to theimposition of NYSE trading collars imposed on program trading); or if the United States shall have become involved in a war or major hostilities orescalation thereof; or if a general banking moratorium has been declared by a state or federal authority which has a material effect on the Blue HillsParties on a consolidated basis; or if a moratorium in foreign exchange trading by major international banks or persons has been declared; or if thereshall have been a material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or business of any of the Blue Hills Parties, or if any ofthe Blue Hills Parties shall have sustained a material or substantial loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or othercalamity or malicious act, whether or not said loss shall have been insured; or, if there shall have been a material adverse change in the financialcondition, results of operations or business of the Blue Hills Parties taken as a whole.
(b) In the event the Holding Company fails to sell the required minimum number of the Shares by the date when such sales must becompleted, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Massachusetts Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shallterminate upon refund by the Holding Company to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it mayhave received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation tothe other hereunder, except as set forth in Sections 2(a), 2(e), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
(c) If any of the conditions specified in Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, unless waived inwriting, or by the Closing Date, this Agreement and all of the Agent’s obligations hereunder may be cancelled by the Agent by notifying theHolding Company of such cancellation in writing or by electronic mail at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and any such cancellation shall bewithout liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise provided in Sections 2(a), 2(e), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
(d) If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section, the Blue Hills Parties shall be notified promptly bytelephone or electronic mail, confirmed by letter.
Any of the Blue Hills Parties may terminate this Agreement in the event the Agent is in material breach of the representations and warrantiesor covenants contained in Sections 5 or 6(c) and such breach has not been cured within a reasonable time period after the Blue Hills Party hasprovided the Agent with notice of such breach.
This Agreement may also be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties hereto.
Section 12. Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be mailed in writing and if sent tothe Agent shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., 10 South Wacker Drive, Investment BankingSuite 3400, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Pat McJoynt (with a copy to Nutter, McClennen & Fish LLP, Attention: Michael Krebs) and, if sent tothe Blue Hills Parties, shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to the Bank at Blue Hills Bank, 320 Norwood Park South, Norwood,MA 02062, Attention: William Parent (with a copy to Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., Attention: Larry Spaccasi).
Section 13. Parties. The Blue Hills Parties shall be entitled to act and rely on any request, notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedlygiven on behalf of the Agent when the same shall have been given by the undersigned. The Agent shall be entitled to act and rely on any request,notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf of the Blue Hills Parties, when the same shall have been given by theundersigned or any other officer of any of the Blue Hills Parties. This Agreement
 
29shall inure solely to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Agent, the Blue Hills Parties and their respective successors and assigns, and noother person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement orany provision herein contained.
Section 14. Closing. The closing for the sale of the Shares (the “Closing”) shall take place on the Closing Date at such location as mutuallyagreed upon by the Agent and the Holding Company and the Bank. At the Closing, the Blue Hills Parties shall deliver to the Agent in next dayfunds the commissions, fees and expenses due and owing to the Agent as set forth in Sections 2 and 7 hereof and the opinions and certificatesrequired hereby and other documents deemed reasonably necessary by the Agent shall be executed and delivered to effect the sale of the Sharesas contemplated hereby and pursuant to the terms of the Prospectus.
Section 15. Partial Invalidity. In the event that any term, provision or covenant herein or the application thereof to any circumstance orsituation shall be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder hereof and the application of said term, provision or covenant to anyother circumstances or situation shall not be affected thereby, and each term, provision or covenant herein shall be valid and enforceable to the fullextent permitted by law.
Section 16. Governing Law and Construction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Stateof New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
Section 17. Counterparts; Facsimile Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts and by facsimile or electronicsignatures, each of which so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile transmission or in pdf format shall constitute effective execution anddelivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmittedby facsimile or in pdf format shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
Section 18. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, which are integral parts hereof and incorporated asthough set forth in full, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof superseding any and all prior orcontemporaneous oral or prior written agreements, proposals, letters of intent and understandings, and cannot be modified, changed, waived orterminated except by a writing which expressly states that it is an amendment, modification or waiver, refers to this Agreement and is signed by theparty to be charged. No course of conduct or dealing shall be construed to modify, amend or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.
Section 19. Survival. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Blue Hills Parties andthe Agent, as set forth in this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination or cancellation of this Agreement or anyinvestigation (or any statement as to the results thereof) made by or on behalf of the Agent or any of the Agent’s officers or directors or anyperson controlling the Agent, or the Blue Hills Parties, or any of their respective officers or directors or any person controlling the Blue HillsParties, and shall survive termination of this Agreement and receipt or delivery of any payment for the Shares.
Section 20. Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each of the Agent and the Blue Hills Parties waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding,claim or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) related to or arising out of this Agreement.
 
30This agreement is made solely for the benefit of and will be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the directors,officer and controlling persons and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.
[Remainder of page intentionally blank]
 
31If the foregoing correctly sets forth the arrangement among the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent, please indicate acceptance thereof in thespace provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and the Agent’s acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.
Very truly yours,
 Blue Hills Bank   Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.
By Its Authorized Representative:   By Its Authorized Representative:
/s/ William M. Parent   /s/ William M. Parent
William M. Parent   William M. ParentPresident and Chief Executive Officer   President and Chief Executive Officer
Hyde Park Bancorp, MHC   Hyde Park Bancorp, Inc.
By Its Authorized Representative:   By Its Authorized Representative:
/s/ William M. Parent   /s/ William M. Parent
William M. Parent   William M. ParentPresident and Chief Executive Officer   President and Chief Executive Officer
Accepted as of the date first above written   
 KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS, INC.
By its Authorized Representative
/s/ Pat McJoynt
Pat McJoyntManaging DirectorExhibit 1.1
                                1,265,000 Shares
                   (subject to increase up to 1,454,750 shares
                      in the event of an oversubscription)
                              AFSALA BANCORP, INC.
                            (a Delaware corporation)
                                  COMMON STOCK
                           ($0.10 Par Value Per Share)
                      Subscription Price: $10.00 Per Share
                                AGENCY AGREEMENT
                                                            ____________, 1996
Capital Resources, Inc.
1701 K Street, N.W.
Suite 700
Washington, D.C. 20006
Ladies and Gentlemen:
                  AFSALA  Bancorp,  Inc. (the  "Company") and Amsterdam  Federal
Savings and Loan  Association,  a federally  chartered  mutual  savings and loan
association  ("Association"),  with its deposit  accounts insured by the Savings
Association   Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")  administered  by  the  Federal  Deposit
Insurance  Corporation  ("FDIC"),  hereby  confirm their  agreement with Capital
Resources, Inc. ("Capital Resources") as follows:
                  SECTION 1. The Offering.  The Association,  in accordance with
and pursuant to its plan of conversion  adopted by the Board of Directors of the
Association  (the "Plan"),  intends to be converted  from a  federally-chartered
mutual savings and loan association to a federally-chartered  stock savings bank
and will  sell all of its  issued  and  outstanding  stock to the  Company.  The
Company  will  offer  and  sell its  common  stock  (the  "Common  Stock")  in a
subscription  offering  ("Subscription  Offering") to (1) tax qualified employee
benefit plans of the Association,  (2) depositors of the Association as of March
31, 1995 ("Eligible Account  Holders"),  (3) depositors of the Association as of
June 30, 1996  ("Supplemental  Eligible  Account  Holders"),  (4) certain  other
deposit  account  holders  and  borrower  members  of  the  Association  ("Other
Members") and (5) to its employees,  officers and directors,  pursuant to rights
to  subscribe  for shares of Common Stock (the  "Shares").  Subject to the prior
subscription rights of the above-listed  parties, the Company may offer for sale
in a public offering (the "Public  Offering," and when referred to together with
the Subscription  Offering,  the "Subscription and Public Offerings")  conducted
after the Subscription  Offering, the Shares not so subscribed for or ordered in
the  Subscription  Offering  to the  general  public  (all such  offerees  being
referred to in the aggregate as "Eligible Offerees"). Shares may also be sold in
the Public Offering by a selling group of  broker-dealers  organized and managed
by Capital  Resources.  It is  acknowledged  that the  purchase of Shares in the
Subscription  and Public  Offerings  is subject to maximum and minimum  purchase
limitations as described in the Plan and that the Company may reject in whole or
in part any subscriptions received from subscribers in the Public Offering.
                  The  Company  and the  Association  desire to  retain  Capital
Resources to assist the Company with its sale of the Shares in the  Subscription
and Public  Offerings.  By and  through  this  Agreement,  the  Company  and the
Association confirm the retention of Capital Resources to assist the Company and
the Association during the Subscription and Public Offerings.
                  The  Company  has  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission  (the  "Commission")  a registration  statement on Form S-l (File No.
333-6399)  containing an offering  prospectus  relating to the  Subscription and
Public  Offerings for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"),  and has filed such  amendments  thereto,  if
any, and such amended  prospectuses as may have been required to the date hereof
(the  "Registration  Statement").  The prospectus,  as amended,  included in the
Registration   Statement  at  the  time  it  initially  becomes  effective,   is
hereinafter called the "Offering  Prospectus",  except that if any prospectus is
filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations
of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the "1933 Act Regulations") differing from
the offering  prospectus  included in the Registration  Statement at the time it
initially becomes effective,  the term "Offering  Prospectus" shall refer to the
offering prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time
said offering prospectus is filed with or mailed to the Commission for filing.
                  In accordance  with Title 12, Part 563b of the Code of Federal
Regulations (the "Conversion  Regulations"),  the Association has filed with the
Office  of Thrift  Supervision  (the  "OTS")  an  Application  for  Approval  of
Conversion  on Form AC (the  "Conversion  Application")  including  the OfferingProspectus  and has filed  such  amendments  thereto,  if any,  as may have been
required by the OTS. The  Conversion  Application  has been approved by the OTS.
The Company has filed with the OTS its application on Form H-(e)lS (the "Holding
Company  Application")  to acquire the  Association  under the Home Owners' Loan
Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. ss. 1467a) ("HOLA").
                  SECTION 2. Retention of Capital Resources;  Compensation; Sale
and  Delivery  of the  Shares.  Subject to the terms and  conditions  herein set
forth, the Company and the Association hereby appoint Capital Resources as their
agent to advise and assist the Company and the  Association  with the  Company's
sale of the Shares in the Subscription and Public Offerings.
                  On  the  basis  of  the   representations,   warranties,   and
agreements herein contained,  but subject to the terms and conditions herein set
forth, Capital Resources accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and
advise the Company and the Association as to matters  relating to the Conversion
and the Subscription and Public Offerings. It is acknowledged by the Company and
the  Association  that Capital  Resources  shall not be required to purchase any
Shares and shall not be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent  with
any  applicable  laws,  regulations,  decisions  or orders.  If requested by the
Company or the  Association,  Capital  Resources  also may assemble and manage a
selling group of broker dealers which are members of the National Association of
Securities  Dealers,  Inc. (the "NASD") to  participate in the  solicitation  of
purchase  orders  for  Shares  under a selected  dealers'  agreement  ("Selected
Dealers'  Agreement").  The  obligations of Capital  Resources  pursuant to this
Agreement  shall  terminate upon the completion or termination or abandonment of
the  Plan  by  the  Company  or  the  Association  or  upon  termination  of the
Subscription  and  Public  Offerings,  or if the  terms  of the  Conversion  are
substantially  amended  so as to  materially  and  adversely  change the role of
Capital  Resources,  but in no event later than 45 days after the  completion of
the Subscription and Public Offerings (the "End Date").  All fees due to Capital
Resources  but unpaid will be payable to Capital  Resources in next day funds at
the earlier of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) or the End Date. In the
event the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings are extended beyond the End Date,
the Company, the
                                       -2-
Association  and Capital  Resources may mutually  agree to renew this  Agreement
under mutually acceptable terms.
                  In the event  the  Company  is  unable  to sell a  minimum  of
935,000  Shares  within  the  period  herein  provided,   this  Agreement  shall
terminate,  and the Company shall refund to any persons who have  subscribed for
any of the Shares,  the full amount  which it may have  received  from them plus
accrued  interest  as set  forth  in the  Offering  Prospectus;  and none of the
parties  to this  Agreement  shall  have any  obligation  to the  other  parties
hereunder,  except as set forth in this  Section 2 and in  Sections  7, 9 and 10
hereof.
                  In the event the closing  does not occur,  the  Conversion  is
terminated  or  otherwise  abandoned,   or  the  terms  of  the  Conversion  are
substantially  amended  so as to  materially  and  adversely  change the role of
Capital  Resources,  Capital  Resources  shall be reimbursed  for all reasonable
legal fees and  out-of-pocket  expenses for  rendering  financial  advice to the
Association  concerning the structure of the Conversion,  preparing a market and
financial analysis, performing due diligence and assisting in the preparation of
the Application for Conversion and the  Registration  Statement,  which shall be
paid upon such termination, abandonment or amendment or within five days of such
event.
                  If  all  conditions  precedent  to  the  consummation  of  the
Conversion,  including,  without limitation,  the sale of all Shares required by
the Plan to be sold, are  satisfied,  the Company agrees to issue or have issued
the Shares  sold in the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings  and to release for
delivery  certificates  for such  Shares  on the  Closing  Date (as  hereinafter
defined)  against  payment to the Company by any means  authorized  by the Plan,
provided,  however, that no certificates shall be released for such shares until
the  conditions  specified in Section 7 hereof shall have been  complied with to
the reasonable satisfaction of Capital Resources and its counsel. The release of
Shares against payment  therefor shall be made on a date and at a time and place
acceptable to the Company, the Association and Capital Resources.  The date upon
which the Company shall  release or deliver the Shares sold in the  Subscription
and Public Offerings,  in accordance with the terms hereof, is herein called the
"Closing Date."
                  Capital Resources shall receive the following compensation for
its services hereunder:
                  (a) (i) a  marketing  fee in the  amount  of (x)  two  percent
(2.0%) of the aggregate dollar amount of all Shares sold in the Subscription and
Public Offerings,  excluding sales made through broker assisted  purchases or by
other NASD member firms  participating  in the Subscription and Public Offerings
pursuant  to  the  Selected  Dealers'  Agreement,  if  any  (for  which  Capital
Resources'  compensation shall be pursuant to sub-paragraph  (ii)) and excluding
shares sold to the  Association's  Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan,  directors,
officers or employees and any member of such person's  immediate family (defined
to include children, spouse, parents, grandparents and grandchildren);
                           (ii)    a management fee in the amount of one percent
and one-half (1.5%) of the aggregate dollar amount of Shares sold through broker
assisted  purchases or through selected dealers, if any.(b) Capital  Resources  shall be reimbursed for all reasonable
out-of-pocket  expenses,  including,  but not  limited to,  legal fees,  travel,
communications  and  postage,  incurred by it whether or not the  Conversion  is
successfully completed as set forth in Section 7 hereof. Capital Resources shall
be  reimbursed  promptly  for all  out-of-pocket  expenses  upon  receipt by the
Company or the Association of a monthly  itemized bill summarizing such expenses
since the date of the last bill, if any, to the date
                                       -3-
of the current bill.
                  In the event other broker-dealers are assembled and managed by
Capital  Resources  under a  selling  syndicate  to  participate  in the  Public
Offering  pursuant to the  Selected  Dealers'  Agreement or  participate  in the
Public Offering as assisting  brokers,  the Company and the Association  will be
directly  responsible for the payment of selected  dealers'  commissions to such
participating  firms or assisting  brokers'  commissions up to a maximum of four
percent (4%) and four percent (4%), respectively, of the amount of stock sold by
such firms.  Capital Resources' fees are limited to those stated in subparagraph
(a) above and all other  brokers  will be paid fees based upon the  capacity  in
which they are acting in the particular stock sale.
                  All subscription  funds received by Capital  Resources (and if
by check  shall be made  payable to the  Company)  or by other  NASD  registered
broker-dealers soliciting subscriptions (if any) shall be transmitted (either by
U.S.  Mail  or  similar  type  of  transmittal)  to the  Company  by noon of the
following business day.
                  SECTION  3.  Offering  Prospectus;   Subscription  and  Public
Offerings. The Shares are to be initially offered in the Subscription and Public
Offerings at the  Purchase  Price as set forth on the cover page of the Offering
Prospectus.
                  SECTION 4.  Representations and Warranties.  The Company and 
the Association jointly and severally represent and warrant to Capital Resources
as follows:
                  (a) The Registration  Statement was declared  effective by the
Commission  on  __________,  1996.  At  the  time  the  Registration  Statement,
including the Offering Prospectus  contained therein (including any amendment or
supplement thereto),  became effective,  the Registration  Statement complied in
all material  respects  with the  requirements  of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act
Regulations and the Registration  Statement,  including the Offering  Prospectus
contained therein (including any amendment or supplement thereto),  any Blue Sky
Application  or any Sales  Information  (as such  terms are  defined  previously
herein or in Section 8 hereof)  authorized by the Company or the Association for
use in connection with the  Subscription and Public Offerings did not contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the
circumstances  under which they were made, not  misleading,  and at the time any
Rule  424(b)  or (c)  Offering  Prospectus  was  filed  with  or  mailed  to the
Commission  for filing and at the  Closing  Date  referred  to in Section 2, the
Registration  Statement  including  the Offering  Prospectus  contained  therein
(including any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application or any
Sales  Information (as such terms are defined  previously herein or in Section 8
hereof)  authorized by the Company or the Association for use in connection with
the  Subscription and Public Offerings will not contain an untrue statement of a
material  fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in order to make the
statements  therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were
made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and warranties
in this Section  4(a) shall not apply to  statements  in or omissions  from such
Registration  Statement  or Offering  Prospectus  made in  reliance  upon and in
conformity with written information  furnished to the Company or the Association
by Capital  Resources  expressly  regarding  Capital Resources for use under the
caption "The Conversion-Marketing Arrangements."
                  (b)      The Conversion Application, including the Offering
Prospectus, was approved by the OTS on __________, 1996.  At the time of the
approval of the Conversion Application, including
                                       -4-
the Offering  Prospectus,  by the OTS  (including  any  amendment or  supplement
thereto)  and at all times  subsequent  thereto  until  the  Closing  Date,  the
Conversion  Application,  including the Offering Prospectus,  will comply in all
material  respects  with the  Conversion  Regulations  and any  other  rules and
regulations  of the OTS.  The  Conversion  Application,  including  the Offering
Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto), does not include any
untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that  representations  or  warranties  in this  Section  4(b) shall not apply to
statements or omissions  made in reliance  upon and in  conformity  with written
information   furnished  to  the  Association  by  Capital  Resources  expressly
regarding Capital Resources for use in the Offering Prospectus  contained in the
Conversion   Application   under  the   caption   "The   Conversion-   Marketing
Arrangements."(c) The  Company  has filed with the OTS the  Holding  Company
Application  and will have  received,  as of the Closing  Date,  approval of its
acquisition of the Association from the OTS.
                  (d) No order has been issued by the OTS, the  Commission,  the
FDIC (and  hereinafter  reference to the FDIC shall include the SAIF), or to the
best knowledge of the Company or the  Association  any State  regulatory or Blue
Sky authority,  preventing or suspending the use of the Offering  Prospectus and
no action by or  before  any such  government  entity  to revoke  any  approval,
authorization  or order of  effectiveness  related to the  Conversion is, to the
best knowledge of the Association or the Company, pending or threatened.
                  (e) At the  Closing  Date  referred  to in Section 2, the Plan
will have been  adopted by the Board of  Directors  of both the  Company and the
Association,  the Company and the Association will have completed all conditions
precedent to the  Conversion and the offer and sale of the Shares will have been
conducted in accordance with the Plan, the Conversion  Regulations and all other
applicable  laws,  regulations,  decisions  and  orders,  including  all  terms,
conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Conversion imposed upon
the  Company  or the  Association  by  the  OTS,  the  Commission  or any  other
regulatory authority and in the manner described in the Offering Prospectus.  At
the  Closing  Date,  no person  will have  sought to obtain  review of the final
action of the OTS,  to the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association,  in
approving the Plan or in approving the  Conversion or the Company's  application
to acquire all of the capital stock and control of the  Association  pursuant to
the HOLA or any other statute or regulation.
                  (f)  The  Association  is now a  duly  organized  and  validly
existing  federally-chartered  savings  and loan  association  in mutual form of
organization  and upon the  Conversion  will become a duly organized and validly
existing federally-chartered savings bank in capital stock form of organization,
in both instances  duly  authorized to conduct its business and own its property
as described in the  Registration  Statement  and the Offering  Prospectus;  the
Company and the  Association  have obtained all material  licenses,  permits and
other  governmental  authorizations  currently required for the conduct of their
respective   businesses;   all   such   licenses,   permits   and   governmental
authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company and the Association
are in all material  respects  complying with all laws,  rules,  regulations and
orders applicable to the operation of their  businesses;  and the Association is
in good standing  under the laws of the United States and is duly qualified as a
foreign  corporation  to  transact  business  and is in  good  standing  in each
jurisdiction  in which its ownership of property or leasing of properties or the
conduct of its business requires such qualification, unless the failure to be so
qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not have a material adverse
effect on the condition,  financial or otherwise, or the business, operations or
income of the Association. The Association does not own
                                       -5-
equity securities or any equity interest in any other business enterprise except
as described in the Offering  Prospectus.  Upon the completion of the Conversion
of the Association pursuant to the Plan to a  federally-chartered  stock savings
bank, (i) all of the authorized and outstanding capital stock of the Association
will be  owned  by the  Company,  and  (ii)  the  Company  will  have no  direct
subsidiaries other than the Association.  The Conversion will have been effected
in  all  material   respects  in  accordance   with  all  applicable   statutes,
regulations,  decisions  and orders;  and except  with  respect to the filing of
certain post-sale,  post-conversion reports and documents in compliance with the
1933 Act Regulations or the OTS's resolutions or letters of approval. All terms,
conditions,  requirements and provisions with respect to the Conversion  imposed
by the Commission, the OTS and the FDIC, if any, will have been complied with by
the Company and the Association in all material respects or appropriate  waivers
will have been  obtained and all material  notice and waiting  periods will have
been satisfied, waived or elapsed.
                  (g) The  Company  has been duly  incorporated  and is  validly
existing  as a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  State of
Delaware  with  corporate  power and  authority  to own,  lease and  operate its
properties  and to  conduct  its  business  as  described  in  the  Registration
Statement  and the  Offering  Prospectus,  and the  Company is  qualified  to do
business as a foreign  corporation in any  jurisdiction  in which the conduct of
its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify
would not have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company.
                  (h) The  Association is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank
of New York ("FHLBNY");  and the deposit accounts of the Association are insured
by the FDIC up to the applicable  limits.  Upon  consummation of the Conversion,
the  liquidation  account  for the  benefit  of  Eligible  Account  Holders  and
Supplemental  Eligible  Account  Holders will be duly  established in accordance
with the requirements of the Conversion Regulations.
                  (i) The Company and the  Association  have good and marketable
title to all assets  owned by them which are  material  to the  business  of the
Company and the  Association and to those assets  described in the  Registration
Statement and Offering Prospectus as owned by them, free and clear of all liens,
charges,  encumbrances  or  restrictions,  except such as are  described  in the
Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus or are not materially significant
or important in relation to the business of the Company and the Association; and
all of the leases and subleases  material to the business of the Company and the
Association  under  which  the  Company  or the  Association  holds  properties,
including those described in the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus,are in full force and effect.
                  (j) The  Association  has  received an opinion of its counsel,
Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane & Fisch,  P.C.,  with respect to the federal income tax
consequences of the Conversion of the Association from mutual to stock form, the
acquisition of the capital stock of the Association by the Company,  the sale of
the Shares,  and the  reorganization  of the  Association  as  described  in the
Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus and an opinion from KPMG Peat
Marwick,  LLP ("KPMG") with respect to the State income tax  consequences of the
proposed transaction;  all material aspects of the opinions of Silver Freedman &
Taff, L.L.P. and KPMG are accurately summarized in the Offering Prospectus;  and
the facts and  representations  upon which such opinions are based are truthful,
accurate and complete, and neither the Association nor the Company will take any
action inconsistent therewith.
                  (k)      The Company and the Association have all such power,
authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into
this Agreement, to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and to issue 
and sell the Capital Stock of the Association to the Company and Shares to be
sold by the Company as provided herein and as described in the Offering
Prospectus.  The
                                       -6-
consummation of the Conversion, the execution,  delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Company and the  Association  and this  Agreement has been validly  executed and
delivered by the Company and the Association and is the valid, legal and binding
agreement of the Company and the Association  enforceable in accordance with its
terms  (except as the  enforceability  thereof  may be  limited  by  bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium,  reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting
the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights  generally or the rights of creditors of
savings and loan  holding  companies,  the  accounts of whose  subsidiaries  are
insured by the FDIC or by general equity  principles  regardless of whether such
enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to
the  extent,  if any,  that the  provisions  of  Sections 9 and 10 hereof may be
unenforceable as against public policy).
                  (l) The Company and the  Association  are not in  violation of
any directive  which has been delivered to the Company or the  Association or of
which management of the Company or the Association has actual knowledge from the
OTS, the Commission, the FDIC or any other agency to make any material change in
the  method of  conducting  their  businesses  so as to  comply in all  material
respects  with all  applicable  statutes  and  regulations  (including,  without
limitation,  regulations,  decisions,  directives  and  orders  of the OTS,  the
Commission and the FDIC) and except as set forth in the  Registration  Statement
and the Offering  Prospectus there is no suit or proceeding or, to the knowledge
of the Company or the Association,  charge, investigation or action before or by
any court,  regulatory  authority or governmental agency or body, pending or, to
the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association,  threatened,  which  might
materially  and  adversely  affect  the  Conversion,  the  performance  of  this
Agreement or the consummation of the  transactions  contemplated in the Plan and
as described in the Registration Statement or which might result in any material
adverse  change in the condition  (financial or otherwise),  earnings,  capital,
properties,  business  affairs  or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the
Association or which would materially affect their properties and assets.
                  (m)  The  financial  statements  which  are  included  in  the
Registration  Statement  and which are part of the  Offering  Prospectus  fairly
present the financial  condition,  results of operations,  retained earnings and
cash  flows of the  Association  at the  respective  dates  thereof  and for the
respective  periods  covered  thereby,  and  comply  as to form in all  material
respects with the applicable accounting  requirements of Title 12 of the Code of
Federal  Regulations  and  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  ("GAAP")
(including  those  requiring  the  recording of certain  assets at their current
market value).  Such financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles  consistently  applied  through  the
periods  involved,  present  fairly in all  material  respects  the  information
required to be stated therein and are consistent with the most recent  financial
statements and other reports filed by the Association with the OTS and the FDIC,
except  that  accounting   principles   employed  in  such  filings  conform  to
requirements  of such  authorities  and not  necessarily  to generally  accepted
accounting   principles.   The  other  financial,   statistical  and  pro  forma
information and related notes included in the Offering Prospectus present fairly
the  information  shown  therein  on a basis  consistent  with the  audited  and
unaudited  financial  statements,  if any,  of the  Association  included in the
Offering Prospectus,  and as to the pro forma adjustments,  the adjustments made
therein have been properly applied on the basis described therein.
                  (n)  Since the  respective  dates as of which  information  is
given in the Registration  Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  except as may
otherwise be stated therein: (i) there has not been any material adverse change,
financial or otherwise,  in the condition of the Company or the Association,  or
of the Company  and the  Association  considered  as one  enterprise,  or in the
earnings, capital,
                                       -7-properties,  business  affairs  or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the
Association,  whether or not arising in the ordinary  course of  business,  (ii)
there has not been (A) an  increase  of greater  than  $500,000 in the long term
debt of the Association or (B) an increase of $100,000 or more in loans past due
90 days or more or (C) an increase  of $100,000 or more in real estate  acquired
by  foreclosure  or (D) a decrease of $50,000 or more in the  allowance for loan
losses or (E) any decrease in total  retained  earnings or (F) a decrease in net
income from January 1, 1996 to date when  compared to the like period in 1995 or
(G) any change in total  assets of the  Association  in an amount  greater  than
$2,000,000 or (H) any other material  change which would require an amendment to
the Offering Prospectus;  (iii) the Association has not issued any securities or
incurred any  liability or obligation  for borrowing  other than in the ordinary
course of business;  (iv) there have not been any material  transactions entered
into  by  the  Company  or  the  Association,   except  with  respect  to  those
transactions  entered  into in the  ordinary  course  of  business;  and (v) the
capitalization,  liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Company and
the Association  conform in all material  respects to the  descriptions  thereof
contained  in  the  Offering  Prospectus,   and  neither  the  Company  nor  the
Association have any material liabilities of any kind,  contingent or otherwise,
except as set forth in the Offering Prospectus.
                  (o) As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date,  neither
the  Company  nor  the  Association  is  in  violation  of  its  certificate  of
incorporation or charter,  respectively, or its bylaws (and the Association will
not be in  violation  of its  charter or bylaws in capital  stock form as of the
Closing  Date) or in default in the  performance  or  observance of any material
obligation,  agreement, covenant, or condition contained in any contract, lease,
loan agreement, indenture or other instrument to which it is a party or by which
it, or any of its property may be bound which would result in a material adverse
change in the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, capital, properties,
business  affairs or business  prospects of the Company or  Association or which
would  materially  affect their  properties or assets.  The  consummation of the
transactions  herein  contemplated  will not (i) conflict  with or  constitute a
breach of, or default under, the certificate of incorporation  and bylaws of the
Company,  the charter and bylaws of the Association (in either mutual or capital
stock form), or any material  contract,  lease or other  instrument to which the
Company or the  Association  has a beneficial  interest,  or any applicable law,
rule, regulation or order; (ii) violate any authorization,  approval,  judgment,
decree,  order,  statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the Company or the
Association;  or (iii) with the exception of the Liquidation Account established
in the  Conversion,  result in the  creation  of any  material  lien,  charge or
encumbrance upon any property of the Company or the Association.
                  (p) No default  exists,  and no event has occurred  which with
notice or lapse of time, or both,  would constitute a default on the part of the
Company or the  Association,  in the due performance and observance of any term,
covenant or condition of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, bank loan
or credit agreement or any other instrument or agreement to which the Company or
the  Association  is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is
bound or affected in any respect  which,  in any such cases,  is material to the
Company or the Association; such agreements are in full force and effect; and no
other party to any such  agreements  has instituted or, to the best knowledge of
the Company or the Association,  threatened any action or proceeding wherein the
Company  or  the  Association  would  or  might  be  alleged  to be  in  default
thereunder.
                  (q)  Upon  consummation  of the  Conversion,  the  authorized,
issued and  outstanding  equity  capital of the Company will be within the range
set forth in the Registration Statement under the caption  "Capitalization," and
no shares of Common Stock have been or will be issued and  outstanding  prior to
the  Closing  Date  referred to in Section 2; the Shares will have been duly and
validly  authorized  for issuance  and, when issued and delivered by the Company
pursuant to the Plan against payment of the
                                       -8-
consideration  calculated  as  set  forth  in  the  Plan  and  in  the  Offering
Prospectus,  will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and  non-assessable;
the issuance of the Shares will not violate any preemptive rights; and the terms
and  provisions  of the Shares  will  conform in all  material  respects  to the
description  thereof  contained in the  Registration  Statement and the Offering
Prospectus.  Upon the  issuance of the Shares,  good title to the Shares will be
transferred from the Company to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor,
subject to such claims as may be  asserted  against  the  purchasers  thereof by
third party claimants.
                  (r) No  approval of any  regulatory  or  supervisory  or other
public  authority is required in  connection  with the execution and delivery of
this  Agreement  or the  issuance of the Shares,  except for the approval of the
OTS, the Commission and any necessary  qualification  or registration  under the
securities or blue sky laws of the various  states in which the Shares are to be
offered and as may be required under the regulations-of the National Association
of Securities Dealers,  Inc. ("NASD") and the National Association of Securities
Dealers Automated Quotation ("NASDAQ") National Market.
                  (s) KPMG, which has certified the financial  statements of the
Association  included in the  Registration  Statement,  are with  respect to the
Company and the Association independent public accountants within the meaning of
the Code of Professional  Ethics of the American  Institute of Certified  Public
Accountants and Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 571.2(c)(3)
and the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.(t) The  Company  and the  Association  have  (subject  to all
properly  obtained  extensions)  timely filed all required federal and state tax
returns, have paid all taxes that have become due and payable in respect of such
returns,  have made adequate  reserves for similar future tax liabilities and no
deficiency has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxing authority.
                  (u)  Appropriate  arrangements  have been made for placing the
funds  received  from  subscriptions  for  Shares  in  special  interest-bearing
accounts  with the  Association  until all  Shares  are sold and paid for,  with
provision for refund to the  purchasers in the event that the  Conversion is not
completed  for whatever  reason or for delivery to the Company if all Shares are
sold.
                  (v) The Company and the  Association  are in compliance in all
material  respects with the  applicable  financial  record keeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions  Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, and the regulations and rules thereunder.
                  (w) To the knowledge of the Company and the Association,  none
of the Company,  the Association nor employees of the Company or the Association
have made any  payment of funds of the Company or the  Association  as a loan to
any person for the purchase of the Shares.
                  (x)  Prior  to  the   Conversion,   the  Association  was  not
authorized  to issue  shares of capital  stock and  neither  the Company nor the
Association has: (i) issued any securities within the last 18 months (except for
notes to evidence  other bank loans and reverse  repurchase  agreements or other
liabilities);  (ii) had any material  dealings within the twelve months prior to
the date  hereof  with any  member  of the NASD,  or any  person  related  to or
associated with such member, other than discussions and meetings relating to the
proposed  Subscription and Public  Offerings and routine  purchases and sales of
U.S.  government and agency  securities and other investment  securities;  (iii)
entered  into  a  financial  or  management   consulting   agreement  except  as
contemplated  hereunder;  and (iv)  engaged  any  intermediary  between  Capital
Resources and the Company and the Association in connection with the offering of
Common Stock, and no person is being compensated in any manner for such service.
                                       -9-
                  (y)      The Association has no subsidiaries.
                  Any  certificates  signed by an officer of the  Company or the
Association and delivered to Capital Resources or its counsel that refer to this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation  and warranty by the Company or
the Association to Capital  Resources as to the matters covered thereby with the
same effect as if such representation and warranty were set forth herein.
                  SECTION 5. Capital  Resources  represents  and warrants to the
Company and the Association that:
                  (a) Capital Resources is a corporation and is validly existing
in good standing  under the laws of the District of Columbia with full power and
authority  to provide  the  services  to be  furnished  to the  Company  and the
Association hereunder.
                  (b) The  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary  action on the part of Capital  Resources,  and this
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Capital  Resources
and is the legal, valid and binding agreement of Capital Resources,  enforceable
in accordance with its terms.
                  (c) Each of Capital  Resources and its  employees,  agents and
representatives  who shall perform any of the services  hereunder  shall be duly
authorized  and  empowered,  and shall have all licenses,  approvals and permits
necessary,  to perform  such  services  and Capital  Resources  is a  registered
selling  agent in the  jurisdictions  listed in Exhibit A hereto and will remain
registered  in such  jurisdictions  in which  the  Company  is  relying  on such
registration for the sale of the Shares,  until the Conversion is consummated or
terminated.
                  (d) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by Capital
Resources,  the  consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated  hereby  and
compliance  with the terms and  provisions  hereof will not  conflict  with,  or
result  in a breach  of,  any of the  terms,  provisions  or  conditions  of, or
constitute  a default (or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
constitute  a  default)  under,  the  certificate  of  incorporation  of Capital
Resources or any  agreement,  indenture  or other  instrument  to which  Capital
Resources is a party or by which its property is bound,  or law or regulation by
which Capital Resources is bound.
                  (e) Funds  received by Capital  Resources  to purchase  Common
Stock  will be handled  in  accordance  with Rule  15c2-4  under the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
                  SECTION 6.  Covenants  of the  Company  and  Association.  The
Company and the Association  hereby jointly and severally  covenant with Capital
Resources as follows:
                  (a) The Company has filed the Registration  Statement with the
Commission.  The Company  will not, at any time after the date the  RegistrationStatement  is  declared  effective,  file any  amendment  or  supplement  to the
Registration  Statement  without  providing Capital Resources and its counsel an
opportunity  to review such  amendment or file any  amendment or  supplement  to
which amendment Capital Resources or its counsel shall reasonably object.
                  (b)      The Association has filed the Conversion Application 
with the OTS. The
                                      -10-
Association  will not, at any time after the date the Conversion  Application is
approved, file any amendment or supplement to the Conversion Application without
providing  Capital  Resources  and its  counsel an  opportunity  to review  such
amendment or supplement  or file any amendment or supplement to which  amendment
or supplement Capital Resources or its counsel shall reasonably object.
                  (c) The  Company  and the  Association  will  use  their  best
efforts to cause any post-effective  amendment to the Registration  Statement to
be declared effective by the Commission and any post-effective  amendment to the
Conversion  Application  to be  approved  by the OTS and will  immediately  upon
receipt of any  information  concerning  the events listed below notify  Capital
Resources and promptly confirm the notice in writing:  (i) when the Registration
Statement,   as  amended,  has  become  effective;   (ii)  when  the  Conversion
Application,  as amended,  has been approved by the OTS; (iii) of the receipt of
any comments from the Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC or any other governmental
entity with respect to the Conversion or the  transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement;  (iv) of the  request by the  Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC or any
other  governmental  entity for any amendment or supplement to the  Registration
Statement or for additional information;  (v) of the issuance by the Commission,
the OTS, the FDIC or any other governmental  entity of any order or other action
suspending the  Subscription or Public  Offerings or the use of the Registration
Statement or the Offering  Prospectus or any other filing of the Company and the
Association  under the Conversion  Regulations or other  applicable  law, or the
threat of any such action;  (vi) the issuance by the Commission,  the OTS or the
FDIC,  or  any  other  state  authority,   of  any  stop  order  suspending  the
effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement or of the initiation or threat of
initiation  or  threat  of any  proceedings  for that  purpose;  or (vii) of the
occurrence of any event  mentioned in paragraph  (h) below.  The Company and the
Association  will make every  reasonable  effort to prevent the  issuance by the
Commission,  the OTS or the FDIC, or any other state authority of any such order
and,  if any such  order  shall at any time be  issued,  to obtain  the  lifting
thereof at the earliest possible time.
                  (d) The  Company  and the  Association  will  provide  Capital
Resources and its counsel notice of its intention to file,  and reasonable  time
to  review  prior to  filing  any  amendment  or  supplement  to the  Conversion
Application  or the  Holding  Company  Application  and  will  not file any such
amendment or supplement to which Capital  Resources shall  reasonably  object or
which shall be reasonably disapproved by its counsel.
                  (e) The Company and the  Association  will  deliver to Capital
Resources  and to its  counsel  two  conformed  copies of each of the  following
documents, with all exhibits: the Conversion Application and the Holding Company
Application,  as originally  filed and of each amendment or supplement  thereto,
and the Registration  Statement, as originally filed and each amendment thereto.
Further,  the Company and the Association will deliver such additional copies of
the foregoing  documents to counsel for Capital Resources as may be required for
any NASD and blue sky filings. In addition, the Company and the Association will
also  deliver  to  Capital  Resources  such  number of  copies  of the  Offering
Prospectus,  as amended or  supplemented,  as Capital  Resources may  reasonably
request.
                  (f) The Company will furnish to Capital  Resources,  from time
to time during the period when the Offering  Prospectus (or any later prospectus
related to this Offering) is required to be delivered  under the 1933 Act or the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934 Act"), such number of copies of such
prospectus  (as amended or  supplemented)  as Capital  Resources may  reasonably
request  for the  purposes  contemplated  by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act or the
respective  applicable rules and regulations of the Commission  thereunder.  The
Company authorizes Capital Resources to use the Offering  Prospectus (as amended
or supplemented, if amended or supplemented) for any lawful manner in
                                      -11-
connection with the sale of the Shares by Capital Resources.
                  (g)  The  Company  and  the  Association  will  comply  in all
material  respects  with  any  and  all  terms,  conditions,   requirements  and
provisions  with respect to the  Conversion  and the  transactions  contemplated
thereby imposed by the Commission, by applicable state law and regulations,  and
by the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and the rules and  regulations  of the  Commission
promulgated  under such statutes,  to be complied with prior to or subsequent to
the Closing Date and when the Offering  Prospectus  is required to be delivered,
the Company and the Association will comply in all material  respects,  at their
own expense,  with all requirements imposed upon them by the OTS, the Conversion
Regulations,  the FDIC, the Commission,  by applicable state law and regulations
and by the  1933  Act,  the  1934  Act  and the  rules  and  regulations  of the
Commission promulgated under such statutes,  including, without limitation, Rule10b-6 under the 1934 Act, in each case as from time to time in force,  so far as
necessary  to permit  the  continuance  of sales or  dealing in shares of Common
Stock  during  such  period in  accordance  with the  provisions  hereof and the
Offering Prospectus.
                  (h) If,  at any time  during  the  period  when  the  Offering
Prospectus  relating  to the  Shares  is  required  to be  delivered,  any event
relating to or affecting the Company or the Association shall occur, as a result
of which it is necessary or  appropriate,  in the reasonable  opinion of counsel
for the  Company and the  Association  or in the  reasonable  opinion of Capital
Resources'  counsel,  to amend  or  supplement  the  Registration  Statement  or
Offering  Prospectus  in order to make the  Registration  Statement  or Offering
Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances  existing at the time it
is delivered  to a purchaser,  the Company and the  Association  will,  at their
expense,  forthwith prepare, file with the Commission and the OTS and furnish to
Capital  Resources a reasonable  number of copies of any amendment or amendments
of, or a supplement or supplements  to, the  Registration  Statement or Offering
Prospectus (in form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory to Capital Resources
and its  counsel  after a  reasonable  time  for  review)  which  will  amend or
supplement the Registration  Statement or Offering Prospectus so that as amended
or  supplemented  it will not contain an untrue  statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the  circumstances  existing  at the  time the  Offering  Prospectus
reasonably is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading.  For the purpose of this
Agreement,  the Company and the Association  each will timely furnish to Capital
Resources such information with respect to itself as Capital  Resources may from
time to time request.
                  (i) The Company and the  Association  will take all  necessary
actions, in cooperation with Capital Resources,  and furnish to whomever Capital
Resources may direct, such information as may be required to qualify or register
the Shares for offering and sale by the Company under the applicable  securities
or blue sky laws of such  jurisdictions  in which the shares are required  under
the  Conversion  Regulations  to be sold or as Capital  Resources may reasonably
designate and as reasonably  agreed to by the  Association;  provided,  however,
that the Company  shall not be obligated to file any general  consent to service
of process or to qualify to do business in any  jurisdiction  in which it is not
so  qualified.  In each  jurisdiction  where any of the  Shares  shall have been
qualified or registered as above  provided,  the Company will make and file such
statements  and reports in each  fiscal  period as are or may be required by the
laws of such jurisdiction.
                  (j) The liquidation account for the benefit of account holders
with account  balances of $50 or more as of the applicable  record dates will be
duly  established and maintained in accordance with the requirements of the OTS,
and such Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental  Eligible Account Holders who
continue to maintain  their  savings  accounts in the  Association  will have an
inchoate interest
                                      -12-
in their pro rata portion of the liquidation account which shall have a priority
superior  to that of the  holders  of shares  of Common  Stock in the event of a
complete liquidation of the Association.
                  (k) The  Company and the  Association  will not sell or issue,
contract  to sell or  otherwise  dispose  of, for a period of 180 days after the
date hereof,  without Capital  Resources' prior written  consent,  any shares of
Common Stock other than in connection with any plan or arrangement  described in
the Offering Prospectus.
                  (l) The Company shall  register its Common Stock under Section
12(g) of the 1934 Act concurrent  with the stock  offering  pursuant to the Plan
and shall request that such  registration  be effective  upon  completion of the
Conversion.  The Company shall maintain the  effectiveness of such  registration
for not less than three years or such shorter period as permitted by the OTS.
                  (m) During the period during which the Company's  common stock
is  registered  under  the 1934 Act or for  three  years  from the date  hereof,
whichever  period is greater,  the Company will furnish to its  stockholders  as
soon as  practicable  after  the  end of  each  fiscal  year  an  annual  report
(including a balance sheet and  statements of income,  stockholders'  equity and
changes in  financial  position or cash flow  statement of the Company as at the
end of and for such  year,  certified  by  independent  public  accountants  and
prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act).
                  (n) During the period of three years from the date hereof, the
Company  will  furnish to Capital  Resources:  (i) a copy of each  report of the
Company  furnished  to or filed  with the  Commission  under the 1934 Act or any
national  securities  exchange or system on which any class of securities of the
Company is listed or quoted (including but not limited to, reports on Form 10-K,
10-Q and 8-K and all proxy  statements  and annual reports to  stockholders),  a
copy of each report of the Company mailed to its  stockholders or filed with the
Commission or the OTS or any other  supervisory  or regulatory  authority or any
national  securities  exchange or system on which any class of securities of the
Company is listed or quoted,  each press  release  and  material  news items and
additional  public  documents and information with respect to the Company or the
Association as Capital Resources may reasonably  request,  and (ii) from time to
time, such other publicly available  information  concerning the Company and the
Association as Capital Resources may reasonably request.
                  (o)      The Company and the Association will use the netproceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Offering
Prospectus under the caption "Use of Proceeds."
                  (p) Other than as permitted by the Conversion Regulations, the
1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations and the laws of any state in which the Shares
are qualified for sale,  neither the Company nor the Association will distribute
any prospectus,  offering circular or other offering material in connection with
the offer and sale of the Shares.
                  (q) The Company will make generally  available to its security
holders  as soon as  practicable,  but not later than 90 days after the close of
the period an earnings  statement (in form complying with the provisions of Rule
158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month  period beginning not later than
the first day of the Company's  fiscal quarter next following the effective date
(as defined in said Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.
                  (r) The Company will file with the Commission  such reports on
Form SR as may be required pursuant to Rule 463 under the 1933 Act.
                                      -13-
                  (s)  The  Company  will  obtain   approval  for  and  maintain
quotation of the shares on the NASDAQ National  Market  effective on or prior to
the Closing Date.
                  (t) The Association will maintain appropriate arrangements for
depositing all funds received from persons mailing  subscriptions  for or orders
to  purchase   Shares  in  the   Subscription   and  Public   Offerings   on  an
interest-bearing  basis at the rate described in the Offering  Prospectus  until
the Closing Date and satisfaction of all conditions  precedent to the release of
the   Association's   obligation  to  refund  payments   received  from  persons
subscribing for or ordering Shares in the  Subscription  and Public Offerings in
accordance  with the  Plan as  described  in the  Offering  Prospectus  or until
refunds  of such  funds  have  been  made to the  persons  entitled  thereto  or
withdrawal  authorizations canceled in accordance with the Plan and as described
in the Offering  Prospectus.  The Association  will maintain such records of all
funds received to permit the funds of each  subscriber to be separately  insured
by the FDIC (to the maximum extent  allowable) and to enable the  Association to
make the  appropriate  refunds of such funds in the event that such  refunds are
required to be made in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Offering
Prospectus.
                  (u)      The Company will promptly register as a savings and 
loan holding company under the HOLA.
                  (v) The Company and the Association will take such actions and
furnish such  information  as are reasonably  requested by Capital  Resources in
order for Capital Resources to ensure compliance with the "Interpretation of the
Board of Governors of the NASD on Free Riding and Withholding."
                  (w) The Company will conduct its  businesses  in compliance in
all  material  respects  with all  applicable  federal  and state  laws,  rules,
regulations,   decisions,   directives  and  orders,  including  all  decisions,
directives and orders of the Commission, the OTS and the FDIC.
                  (x) The  Association  will not  amend  the Plan of  Conversion
without  Capital  Resources'  prior  written  consent in any manner that, in the
reasonable opinion of Capital  Resources,  would materially and adversely affect
the sale of the Shares or the terms of this Agreement.
                  (y) The Company shall advise Capital Resources,  if necessary,
as to the allocation of the Shares in the event of an oversubscription and shall
provide  Capital  Resources  with any  information  necessary to assist  Capital
Resources in allocating the Shares in such event and such  information  shall be
accurate and reliable.
                  SECTION 7. Payment of Expenses.  Whether or not this Agreement
becomes effective,  the Conversion is completed or the sale of the Shares by the
Company is consummated,  the Company and Association jointly and severally agree
to pay directly for or to reimburse  Capital  Resources  for (to the extent that
such expenses have been reasonably incurred by Capital Resources) (a) all filing
fees and expenses  incurred in connection with the qualification or registration
of the Shares for offer and sale by the Company under the securities or blue sky
laws of any  jurisdictions  Capital  Resources  and the  Company  may agree upon
pursuant to subsection  (i) of Section 6 above,  including  counsel fees paid or
incurred by the Company, the Association or Capital Resources in connection with
such   qualification   or  registration  or  exemption  from   qualification  or
registration;  (b) all filing fees in connection with all filings with the NASD;
(c) any stock issue or transfer  taxes which may be payable  with respect to the
sale of the Shares to purchasers in the Conversion; (d) reasonable and necessary
expenses of the Conversion,
                                      -14-
including but not limited to,  attorneys'  fees,  transfer agent,  registrar and
other agent charges,  fees relating to auditing and accounting or other advisors
and costs of printing all documents necessary in connection with the Conversion;and (e) out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by Capital Resources in connection with
the  Conversion  or any  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including,
without limitation,  the fees of its attorneys, and reasonable communication and
travel expenses.
                  SECTION  8.  Conditions  to  Capital  Resources'  Obligations.
Capital Resources'  obligations  hereunder,  as to the Shares to be delivered at
the Closing Date,  are subject to the  condition  that all  representations  and
warranties and other  statements of the Company and the Association  herein are,
at and as of the  commencement of the  Subscription  and Public Offerings and at
and as of the Closing  Date,  true and  correct in all  material  respects,  the
condition  that the  Company and the  Association  shall have  performed  in all
material  respects  all of their  obligations  hereunder  to be  performed on or
before such dates, and to the following further conditions:
                  (a) At the Closing Date, the Company and the Association  will
have  completed  the  conditions  precedent  to,  and shall have  conducted  the
Conversion in all material respects in accordance with, the Plan, the Conversion
Regulations and all other  applicable laws,  regulations,  decisions and orders,
including all terms,  conditions,  requirements and provisions  precedent to the
Conversion imposed upon them by the OTS.
                  (b)  The  Registration  Statement  shall  have  been  declared
effective by the Commission and the Conversion  Application  approved by the OTS
not later than 5:30 p.m.  (eastern time) on the date of this Agreement,  or with
Capital  Resources' consent at a later time and date; and at the Closing Date no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have
been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings  therefore initiated or threatened
by  the  Commission  or any  state  authority,  and no  order  or  other  action
suspending the  authorization of the Offering  Prospectus or the consummation of
the Conversion shall have been issued or proceedings  therefore initiated or, to
the Company's or Association's knowledge, threatened by the Commission, the OTS,
the FDIC or any state authority.
                  (c)      At the Closing Date, Capital Resources shall have
received:
                  (1)  The  favorable  opinion,  dated  as of the  Closing  Date
addressed to Capital Resources and for its benefit, of Malizia,  Spidi, Sloane &
Fisch, P.C., counsel for the Company and the Association dated the Closing Date,
addressed to Capital Resources and in form and substance to the effect that:
                  (i) The  Company  has been duly  incorporated  and is  validly
existing  as a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  State of
Delaware.
                  (ii) The Company has  corporate  power and  authority  to own,
lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the
Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus; and the Company is qualified
to do  business  as a  foreign  corporation  in New  York,  to the  best of such
counsel's  knowledge based on the  conferences and document review  specified in
item (xiii) below, the only state in which it is doing business.
                  (iii) The  Association  was a duly  organized and is a validly
existing  federally-chartered  savings  and loan  association  in mutual form of
organization  and upon the  Conversion  will become a duly organized and validly
existing federally-chartered savings bank in capital stock form of organization,
in
                                      -15-
both instances  duly  authorized to conduct its business and own its property as
described in the Registration Statement; and the Association is in good standing
under  the  laws  of the  United  States  and is  duly  qualified  as a  foreign
corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which its  ownership of property or leasing of  properties or the conduct of its
business  requires such  qualification  unless the failure to be so qualified in
one or more such  jurisdictions  would not have a material adverse effect on the
condition,  financial or  otherwise,  or the  business,  operations or income or
business  prospects of the  Association.  The  activities of the  Association as
described  in the  Offering  Prospectus,  insofar  as they are  material  to the
operations  and  financial  condition of the  Association,  are permitted by the
rules,  regulations and resolutions and practices of the OTS or the FDIC and any
other federal or state authorities.
                  (iv)  The  Association  is a  member  of the  FHLBNY,  and the
deposit  accounts of the  Association  are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum
amount  allowed  under  law  and to the  best  of such  counsel's  knowledge  no
proceedings  for the  termination or revocation of such insurance are pending or
threatened;  and the description of the liquidation  account as set forth in the
Registration  Statement  and the  Offering  Prospectus  under the  caption  "The
Conversion - Effects of Conversion to Stock Form on Depositors  and Borrowers of
the  Bank -  Liquidation  Account"  has been  reviewed  by such  counsel  and is
accurate in all material respects.
                  (v)  Upon  consummation  of the  Conversion,  the  authorized,
issued and outstanding  capital stock of the Company will be as set forth in the
Registration   Statement   and  the  Offering   Prospectus   under  the  caption
"Capitalization,"  and no shares of Common  Stock have been issued  prior to the
Closing Date; at the time of the Conversion,  the Shares subscribed for pursuant
to the Offerings will have been duly and validly  authorized  for issuance,  and
when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plan against payment ofthe consideration  calculated as set forth in the Plan, will be duly and validly
issued and fully paid and non-assessable;  and the issuance of the Shares is not
subject to preemptive rights.
                  (vi)  The  issuance  and  sale  of  the  common  stock  of the
Association  to the  Company  have  been  duly  and  validly  authorized  by all
necessary  corporate  action on the part of the Company and the Association and,
upon payment  therefor in accordance  with the terms of the Plan of  Conversion,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be owned
of  record  by the  Company,  free and  clear  of any  mortgage,  pledge,  lien,
encumbrance or claim (legal or equitable).
                  (vii) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized  by  all  necessary  action  on  the  part  of the  Company  and  the
Association; and this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Company
and the  Association,  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms (except as the
enforceability  thereof may be limited by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  moratorium,
reorganization  or similar laws  relating to or  affecting  the  enforcement  of
creditors'  rights generally or the rights of creditors of savings  associations
or savings and loan holding  companies,  the accounts of whose  subsidiaries are
insured by the FDIC or by general equity principles,  regardless of whether such
enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to
the  extent,  if any,  that the  provisions  of  Sections 9 and 10 hereof may be
unenforceable as against public policy).
                  (viii) The Plan has been duly adopted by the required  vote of
the Directors of the Company and the Association and members of the Association.
                                      -16-
                  (ix)  Subject to the  satisfaction  of the  conditions  to the
OTS's approval of the  Conversion  and the Company's  application to acquire the
Association, no further approval, registration,  authorization, consent or other
order of any regulatory  agency,  public board or body is required in connection
with the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement,  the issuance of the Shares
and the  consummation  of the  Conversion,  except as may be required  under the
regulations of the NASD and the NASDAQ National Market.  The Conversion has been
consummated  in  all  material   respects  in  accordance  with  all  applicable
provisions of the HOLA,  the Conversion  Regulations,  Federal and State law and
all applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
                  (x)  The   Conversion   Application   including  the  Offering
Prospectus  as filed with the OTS was complete in all material  respects and has
been  approved by the OTS.  The OTS has issued its order of  approval  under the
savings and loan holding company provisions of the HOLA, and the purchase by the
Company of all of the issued and  outstanding  capital stock of the  Association
has been  authorized  by the OTS and no action has been taken,  or to  counsel's
knowledge  is  pending  or  threatened,  to  revoke  any such  authorization  or
approval.
                  (xi) The  Registration  Statement is effective  under the 1933
Act and no stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  has been issued under the
1933  Act  or  proceedings   therefor  initiated  or,  to  counsel's  knowledge,
threatened by the Commission.
                  (xii) At the time the  Conversion  Application,  including the
Offering Prospectus contained therein, was approved,  the Conversion Application
including the Offering Prospectus contained therein (as amended or supplemented,
if so amended or supplemented) complied as to form in all material respects with
the  requirements  of all  applicable  federal laws and the rules,  regulations,
decisions  and orders of the OTS (except as to the financial  statements,  other
financial data and stock valuation information included therein as to which such
counsel need express no opinion); to the best of such counsel's knowledge, based
on  conferences  with  management  of and the  independent  accountants  for the
Company and the Association,  and on such investigation of the corporate records
of the Company and the Association as such counsel  conducted in connection with
the preparation of the  Registration  Statement and the Conversion  Application,
all material  documents  and exhibits  required to be filed with the  Conversion
Application (as amended or  supplemented,  if so amended or  supplemented)  have
been so filed.  The  description in the Conversion  Application and the Offering
Prospectus  contained  therein of such documents and exhibits is accurate in all
material respects and fairly presents the information required to be shown.
                  (xiii)  At the time  that the  Registration  Statement  became
effective,  (i) the  Registration  Statement (as amended or  supplemented  if so
amended  or  supplemented)  (other  than  the  financial  statements  and  other
financial and statistical data and stock valuation information included therein,
as to which no opinion  need be  rendered),  complied as to form in all material
respects with the  requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and
(ii) the Offering  Prospectus  (other than the  financial  statements  and other
financial and  statistical  data and the stock  valuation  information  included
therein,  as to which no opinion  need be  rendered)  complied as to form in all
material  respects  with  the  requirements  of  the  1933  Act,  the  1933  Act
Regulations,  Conversion Regulations and Federal and State law (other than state
blue sky law as to which we express no opinion).  To the best of such  counsel's
knowledge based on the conferences and document review  specified in item (xiii)
above,  all  material  documents  and  exhibits  required  to be filed  with the
Registration   Statement  (as  amended  or   supplemented,   if  so  amended  or
supplemented) have been so filed. The description in the Registration  Statement
and the Offering  Prospectus  of such  documents and exhibits is accurate in allmaterial respects and fairly
                                      -17-
presents the  information  required to be shown.  To the best of such  counsel's
knowledge,  no person has sought to obtain  regulatory or judicial review of the
final action of the OTS approving the Conversion Application or in approving the
Holding Company Application.
                  (xiv) During the course of such  counsel's  representation  of
the Company and the  Association,  nothing has come to such counsel's  attention
that  caused it to believe  that (i) the Company  and the  Association  have not
conducted the  Conversion,  in all material  respects,  in  accordance  with all
applicable  requirements  of the Plan and applicable law, and (ii) the Plan, the
Conversion  Application,  the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus
(other than the financial  statements and other financial and  statistical  data
and the stock valuation information included therein as to which no opinion need
be rendered) do not comply in all material  respects with all  applicable  laws,
rules,  regulations,  decisions  and orders  including,  but not limited to, the
Conversion Regulations,  the HOLA, the 1933 Act and 1933 Act Regulations and all
other  applicable  laws,  regulations,   decisions  and  orders,  including  all
applicable  terms,  conditions,  requirements  and  provisions  precedent to the
Conversion imposed upon it by the OTS, the Commission and the FDIC, if any.
                  (xv) The  terms  and  provisions  of the  Common  Stock of the
Company  conform  to the  description  thereof  contained  in  the  Registration
Statement  and the Offering  Prospectus,  and the form of  certificates  used to
evidence the Shares are in due and proper form.
                  (xvi) To the best  knowledge  of such  counsel,  there  are no
legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened which are required to be
disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  other than
those disclosed therein,  and all pending legal and governmental  proceedings to
which  the  Company  or the  Association  is a party  or of  which  any of their
property is the subject  which are not described in the  Registration  Statement
and the Offering Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to
the business, are, considered in the aggregate, not material;  provided that for
this purpose, any litigation or governmental  proceeding is not considered to be
"threatened"  unless  the  potential  litigant  or  governmental  authority  has
manifested  to the  management  of the  Company or the  Association,  or to such
counsel, a present intention to initiate such litigation or proceeding.
                  (xvii) To the best knowledge of such counsel,  the Company and
the  Association  have  obtained all  licenses,  permits and other  governmental
authorizations  required for the conduct of their respective businesses,  except
where the failure to have such  licenses,  permits or  authorizations  would not
have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or income or business
prospects of the Company and the Association, and all such licenses, permits and
other governmental  authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company
and the Association are in all material respects complying therewith.
                  (xviii)   Neither  the  Company  nor  the  Association  is  in
contravention of its certificate of incorporation or its charter,  respectively,
or its bylaws (and the Association  will not be in  contravention of its charter
or bylaws in stock form upon  consummation  of the  Conversion)  or, to the best
knowledge  of such  counsel,  in  contravention  of any  obligation,  agreement,
covenant or condition contained in any material contract,  indenture,  mortgage,
loan  agreement,  note,  lease or other  instrument to which it is a party or by
which it or its property may be bound which  contravention  would be material to
the business of the Company and the  Association  considered as one  enterprise;
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Association,
the incurring of the  obligations  herein set forth and the  consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all necessary
                                      -18-
corporate action of the Company and the Association,  and, to the best knowledge
of such counsel,  will not constitute a material breach of, or default under, or
result in the creation or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company or the Association which are material
to their  business  considered  as one  enterprise,  pursuant  to any  contract,
indenture,  mortgage,  loan agreement,  note, lease or other instrument to which
the Company or the  Association is a party or by which any of them may be bound,
or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or the  Association  is
subject.  In addition,  such action will not result in any  contravention of the
provisions of the certificate of  incorporation  or bylaws of the Company or the
Association  or any  applicable  law,  act,  regulation or order or court order,
writ,  injunction or decree.  The charter of the  Association  in stock form has
been approved by the OTS.
                  (xix) To the best  knowledge of such counsel,  the Company and
the  Association  have good and  marketable  title to all  properties and assets
described in the Registration  Statement as owned by them, free and clear of all
liens,  charges,  encumbrances or restrictions,  except such as are described in
the  Registration  Statement  or are not material in relation to the business of
the Company and the Association considered as one enterprise; and to the best of
such  counsel's  knowledge,  all of the leases  and  subleases  material  to the
business  of the  Company  and the  Association  under which the Company and theAssociation hold properties,  as described in the Registration Statement, are in
full force and effect.
                  (xx) The Company and the  Association  are not in violation of
any directive from the OTS or the FDIC to make any material change in the method
of conducting  their business and the Company and the Association have conducted
and are conducting their business so as to comply in all material  respects with
all  applicable  statutes  and  regulations   (including,   without  limitation,
regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the OTS and the FDIC).
                  (xxi)  The  information  in  the  Registration  Statement  and
Offering Prospectus under the captions  "Regulation,"  "Certain  Restrictions on
Acquisitions of the Company," "The  Conversion,"  "Description of Capital Stock"
and the  information  in response to Items 7(d)(l),  7(f),  7(g) and 7(i) of the
Form PS of the Conversion Regulations, to the extent that it constitutes matters
of  law,  summaries  of  legal  matters,  documents  or  proceedings,  or  legal
conclusions,  has been  reviewed by such  counsel and is correct in all material
respects  (except  as to the  financial  statements  and  other  financial  data
included therein as to which such counsel need express no opinion).
                  In  rendering  such  opinion,  such counsel may rely (A) as to
matters  involving the  application of laws of any  jurisdiction  other than the
United  States,  to the extent such counsel  deems proper and  specified in such
opinion satisfactory to Capital Resources,  upon the opinion of other counsel of
good  standing  (providing  that such counsel  states that Capital  Resources is
justified in relying upon such  specified  opinion or  opinions),  and (B) as to
matters of fact,  to the extent such counsel deems proper,  on  certificates  of
responsible  officers of the Company and the  Association  and public  officials
(but not on  conclusions  of law which  may be set forth in said  certificates);
provided copies of any such opinion(s) or  certificates  are delivered  pursuant
hereto  or to  Capital  Resources  together  with  the  opinion  to be  rendered
hereunder by special  counsel to the Company and the  Association.  Such counsel
may assume that any agreement is the valid and binding obligation of any parties
to such agreement other than the Company or the Association.
                  (2) The  letter  of  Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane &  Fisch,  P.C.,
counsel for the  Company and the  Association  addressed  to Capital  Resources,
dated the Closing Date, in form and substance to the effect that:
                                      -19-
                  During the  preparation  of the  Conversion  Application,  the
Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus, such counsel participated in
conferences with management of, and the independent  public  accountants for the
Company  and the  Association.  Based  upon  such  conferences  and a review  of
corporate  records of the Company and the Association as such counsel  conducted
in connection with the preparation of the Registration  Statement and Conversion
Application, nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe
that the  Conversion  Application,  the  Registration  Statement,  the  Offering
Prospectus,  or any  amendment or supplement  thereto  (other than the financial
statements  and  other  financial  and  statistical  data  and  stock  valuation
information  included  therein,  as to which such counsel need express no view),
contained an untrue  statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
                  (3) The  favorable  opinion,  dated as of the Closing Date, of
Serchuk &  Zelermyer,  LLP,  Capital  Resources'  counsel,  with respect to such
matters as Capital Resources may reasonably require.  Such opinion may rely upon
the opinions of counsel to the Company and the Association, and as to matters of
fact,  upon  certificates  of  officers  and  directors  of the  Company and the
Association  delivered  pursuant  hereto  or as such  counsel  shall  reasonably
request.
                  (d) At the Closing Date,  counsel to Capital  Resources  shall
have been  furnished  with such  documents  and opinions as they may  reasonably
require  for the  purpose  of  enabling  them to render  the  opinion  as herein
contemplated  and related  proceedings or in order to evidence the occurrence or
completeness of any of the representations or warranties,  or the fulfillment of
any of the conditions, herein contained.
                  (e) At the Closing  Date,  Capital  Resources  shall receive a
certificate of the Chief Executive  Officer and the Chief  Financial  Officer of
the Company and of the Chief Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer of
the  Association,  dated as of such Closing Date,  to the effect that:  (i) they
have carefully  examined the Offering  Prospectus and, in their opinion,  at the
time the  Offering  Prospectus  became  authorized  for final use,  the Offering
Prospectus  did not contain an untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to
state a material  fact  necessary in order to make the  statements  therein,  in
light of the  circumstances  under which they were made,  not  misleading;  (ii)
since the date the Offering Prospectus became authorized for final use, in their
opinion no event has  occurred  which should have been set forth in an amendment
or  supplement  to the  Offering  Prospectus  which  has not been so set  forth,
including specifically,  but without limitation,  any material adverse change in
the condition,  financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties,
business  prospects or business affairs of the Company or the  Association,  and
the conditions set forth in this Section 8 have been satisfied;  (iii) since the
respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration  Statement
and the Offering  Prospectus,  there has been no material  adverse change in the
condition,  financial or  otherwise,  or in the earnings,  capital,  properties,
business  affairs or  business  prospects  of the  Company  or the  Association,independently,  or  of  the  Company  and  the  Association  considered  as  one
enterprise,  whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business;  (iv) to
the best  knowledge  of such  officers the  representations  and  warranties  in
Section  4 are true  and  correct  with the same  force  and  effect  as  though
expressly  made  at and  as of  the  Closing  Date;  (v)  the  Company  and  the
Association  have complied with all material  agreements and  satisfied,  in all
material  respects at or prior to the Closing Date, all obligations  required to
be met by  such  date  and  will  in  all  material  respects  comply  with  all
obligations  to be  satisfied  by them  after  Conversion;  (vi)  no stop  order
suspending the  effectiveness of the  Registration  Statement has been initiated
or, to the best  knowledge  of the  Company or  Association,  threatened  by the
Commission or any state authority; (vii) no order suspending the Subscription or
Public Offerings, the Conversion, the
                                      -20-
acquisition  of all of the  shares  of the  Association  by the  Company  or the
effectiveness  of the  Offering  Prospectus  has  been  issued  and to the  best
knowledge of the Company or  Association,  no proceedings  for that purpose have
been initiated or threatened by the OTS, the Commission,  the FDIC, or any state
authority;  and (viii) to the best of their  knowledge,  no person has sought to
obtain review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan.
                  (f) Prior to and at the Closing  Date:  (i) in the  reasonable
opinion of Capital  Resources,  there shall have been no material adverse change
in the condition,  financial or otherwise,  or in the earnings,  or the business
affairs or business  prospects of the Company or the Association  independently,
or of the Company or the  Association,  considered as one enterprise,  since the
latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Offering Prospectus,
except  as  referred  to  therein;  (ii)  there  shall  have  been  no  material
transaction  entered into by the Company or the Association from the latest date
as of which the  financial  condition of the Company or the  Association  is set
forth  in  the  Offering  Prospectus  other  than  transactions  referred  to or
contemplated  therein;  (iii)  the  Company  or the  Association  shall not have
received  from the OTS or the FDIC any  direction  (oral or written) to make any
material change in the method of conducting their business with which it has not
complied  (which  direction,  if any,  shall  have  been  disclosed  to  Capital
Resources) and which would reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse
effect on the  business,  operations  or  financial  condition  or income of the
Company or the  Association  taken as a whole;  (iv) neither the Company nor the
Association  shall have been in default (nor shall an event have occurred which,
with  notice or lapse of time or both,  would  constitute  a default)  under any
provision of and  agreement or instrument  relating to any material  outstanding
indebtedness;  (v) no action, suit or proceedings, at law or in equity or before
or by any federal or state  commission,  board or other  administrative  agency,
shall be  pending,  or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company  or the  Association,
threatened  against the Company or the  Association  or  affecting  any of their
properties wherein an unfavorable  decision,  ruling or finding would reasonably
be expected to have a material and adverse  effect on the business,  operations,
financial  condition  or income of the  Company or the  Association,  taken as a
whole;  and (vi) the Shares have been  qualified or registered  for offering and
sale  under the  securities  or blue sky laws of the  jurisdictions  as  Capital
Resources shall have requested and as agreed to by the Company.
                  (g) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Capital
Resources shall receive a letter from KPMG,  dated the date hereof and addressed
to Capital  Resources:  (i) confirming that KPMG is a firm of independent public
accountants  within the meaning of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and
12 C.F.R. ss. 571.2(c)(3) and no information concerning its relationship with or
interests in the Company and the  Association is required to be disclosed in the
Offering Prospectus by the Conversion Regulations or Item 10 of the Registration
Statement, and stating in effect that in KPMG's opinion the financial statements
of the Association as are included in the Offering  Prospectus comply as to form
in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the 1933
Act and the related published rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder
and the Conversion  Regulations and generally  accepted  accounting  principles;
(ii) stating in effect that, on the basis of certain agreed upon procedures (but
not  an  audit  examination  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards)  consisting of a reading of the latest  available  unaudited  interim
financial statements of the Association  prepared by the Association,  a reading
of the  minutes of the  meetings  of the Board of  Directors  and members of the
Association and consultations  with officers of the Association  responsible for
financial and accounting  matters,  nothing came to their attention which caused
them to  believe  that:  (A)  such  unaudited  financial  statements  are not in
conformity  with generally  accepted  accounting  principles  applied on a basis
substantially  consistent with that of the audited financial statements included
in the Offering Prospectus; or (B) during the period from the date of the latest
financial statements included in the
                                      -21-
Offering  Prospectus to a specified  date not more than five business days prior
to the date hereof,  there has been (1) an increase of greater than  $500,000 in
the long term debt of the  Association or (2) an increase of $100,000 or more in
loans past due 90 days or more as of the last day of the month immediately prior
to such  specified  date or (3) an  increase  of $100,000 or more in real estate
acquired by  foreclosure  or (4) a decrease of $50,000 or more in the  allowance
for loan losses or (5) any decrease in total retained earnings or (6) a decreasein net  income  when  compared  to the like  period in 1995 or (7) any change in
total assets of the Association in an amount greater than  $2,000,000  excluding
proceeds  from stock  subscriptions;  and (iii) stating that, in addition to the
audit examination referred to in its opinion included in the Offering Prospectus
and  the  performance  of the  procedures  referred  to in  clause  (ii) of this
subsection  (g), they have compared with the general  accounting  records of the
Company and/or the Association, as applicable, which are subject to the internal
controls of the Company and/or the Association, as applicable, accounting system
and other data prepared by the Company  and/or the  Association,  as applicable,
directly from such accounting  records,  to the extent specified in such letter,
such amounts and/or percentages set forth in the Offering  Prospectus as Capital
Resources  may  reasonably  request;  and  they  have  found  such  amounts  and
percentages to be in agreement therewith (subject to rounding).
                  (h) At the Closing  Date,  Capital  Resources  shall receive a
letter  from KPMG,  dated the  Closing  Date,  addressed  to Capital  Resources,
confirming  the  statements  made by its  letter  delivered  by it  pursuant  to
subsection (g) of this Section 8, except that the  "specified  date" referred to
in clause (ii)(B) thereof to be a date specified in such letter, which shall not
be more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.
                  (i) The Company and the  Association  shall not have sustained
since  the date of the  latest  audited  financial  statements  included  in the
Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus any loss or interference with its
business from fire, explosion,  flood or other calamity,  whether or not covered
by insurance,  or from any labor dispute or court or governmental  action, order
or  decree,  otherwise  than as set forth or  contemplated  in the  Registration
Statement and Offering  Prospectus,  and since the respective  dates as of which
information  is given in the  Registration  Statement  and Offering  Prospectus,
there  shall  not have  been any  material  change  in the long term debt of the
Company or the Association  other than debt incurred in relation to the purchase
of Shares by the Company's  Tax-Qualified  Employee Plans, or any change, or any
development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the general affairs,
management, financial position, stockholders' equity or results of operations of
the Company or the  Association,  otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in
the Registration Statement and Offering Prospectus,  the effect of which, in any
such  case  described  above,  is  in  Capital  Resources'  reasonable  judgment
sufficiently  material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to
proceed with the  Subscription or Public Offerings or the delivery of the Shares
on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Offering Prospectus.
                  (j) At or prior to the Closing Date,  Capital  Resources shall
receive  (i) a copy  of the  letter  from  the  OTS  authorizing  the use of the
Offering Prospectus,  (ii) a copy of the order from the Commission declaring the
Registration  Statement  effective,  (iii) a copy of a certificate  from the OTS
evidencing  the good  standing of the  Association,  (iv)  certificates  of good
standing from the States of Delaware and New York  evidencing  the good standing
of the  Company  and from the State of New York  evidencing  that the Company is
duly qualified to do business and in good standing in New York and (v) a copy of
the letter from the OTS approving the Company's Holding Company Application.
                  (k)      As soon as available after the Closing Date, Capital
Resources shall receive a
                                      -22-
certified copy of the Association's stock charter.
                  (1)  Subsequent  to the  date  hereof,  there  shall  not have
occurred any of the  following:  (i) a suspension  or  limitation  in trading in
securities  generally on the New York Stock  Exchange or American Stock Exchange
or in the over-the-counter  market, or quotations halted generally on the NASDAQ
National  Market,  or minimum or maximum  prices for  trading  being  fixed,  or
maximum  ranges for  prices  for  securities  being  required  by either of such
exchanges or the NASD or by order of the  Commission  or any other  governmental
authority;  (ii) a general  moratorium on the operations of commercial  banks or
federal  savings banks or general  moratorium on the withdrawal of deposits from
commercial  banks or federal  savings banks  declared by either federal or state
authorities; (iii) the engagement by the United States in hostilities which have
resulted  in the  declaration,  on or  after  the  date  hereof,  of a  national
emergency  or war;  or (iv) a  material  decline  in the price of equity or debt
securities  if, as to clauses (iii) or (iv),  the effect of such  hostilities or
decline, in Capital Resources'  reasonable  judgment,  makes it impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the Subscription or Public Offerings or the delivery
of the Shares on the terms and in the manner  contemplated  in the  Registration
Statement and the Offering Prospectus.
                  All such opinions, certifications, letters and documents shall
be in compliance with the provisions  hereof only if they are, in the reasonable
opinion of Capital Resources and its counsel,  satisfactory to Capital Resources
and its  counsel.  Any  certificates  signed by an  officer or  director  of the
Company or the  Association  and  delivered to Capital  Resources or its counsel
shall be deemed a representation  and warranty by the Company or the Association
to Capital Resources as to the statements made therein.
                  If any of the  conditions  specified in this Section shall not
have been fulfilled when and as required by this  Agreement,  this Agreement and
all of Capital  Resources'  obligations  hereunder  may be  canceled  by Capital
Resources by notifying the  Association  of such  cancellation  in writing or by
telegram at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and any such  cancellation
shall be without  liability  of any party to any other party except as otherwise
provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.  Notwithstanding  the above, if thisAgreement  is  canceled  pursuant  to  this  paragraph,   the  Company  and  the
Association  jointly and severally agree to reimburse  Capital Resources for all
out-of-pocket  expenses,  (including without limitation the fees and expenses of
Capital Resources' counsel) reasonably incurred by Capital Resources and Capital
Resources'  counsel at its normal rates,  in connection  with the preparation of
the Registration Statement and the Offering Prospectus,  and in contemplation of
the proposed  Subscription  or Public  Offerings  to the extent  provided for in
Sections 2 and 7 hereof.
                  SECTION 9.  Indemnification.
                  (a) The Company  and the  Association  jointly  and  severally
agree to indemnify and hold harmless Capital Resources, its officers, directors,
agents and  employees  and each person,  if any, who controls or is under common
control with Capital  Resources within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act
or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act,  against any and all loss,  liability,  claim,
damage or expense whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses),
joint or several,  that Capital  Resources or any of them may suffer or to which
Capital  Resources  and any such persons  upon  written  demand for any expenses
(including fees and  disbursements of counsel)  incurred by Capital Resources or
any of them  in  connection  with  investigating,  preparing  or  defending  any
actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced or threatened) to the extent
such losses,  claims,  damages,  liabilities  or actions (i) arise out of or are
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
                                      -23-
fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement  (or any amendment or supplement
thereto),  preliminary  or  final  Offering  Prospectus  (or  any  amendment  or
supplement thereto),  the Conversion  Application or any Blue Sky application or
other  instrument  or document of the Company or the  Association  or based upon
written  information  supplied  by the Company or the  Association  filed in any
state or  jurisdiction  to  register  or qualify any or all of the Shares or the
subscription  rights  applicable  thereto  under  the  securities  laws  thereof
(collectively,  the  "Blue  Sky  Application"),  or  any  application  or  other
document,  advertisement, oral statement, or communication ("Sales Information")
prepared,  made or executed  by or on behalf of the Company  with its consent or
based upon written or oral information  furnished by or on behalf of the Company
or the Association, whether or not filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify
or register the Shares under the securities  laws thereof;  (ii) arise out of or
are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing
documents  or  information,  a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or
necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under
which  they were  made,  not  misleading;  or,  (iii)  arise  from any theory of
liability  whatsoever relating to or arising from or based upon the Registration
Statement  (or any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final
Offering  Prospectus  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the Conversion
Application,   any  Blue  Sky   Application   or  Sales   Information  or  other
documentation distributed in connection with the Conversion;  provided, however,
that no  indemnification is required under this paragraph (a) to the extent such
losses, claims,  damages,  liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon
any untrue  material  statements or alleged  untrue  material  statements in, or
material omission or alleged material omission from, the Registration  Statement
(or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Conversion  Application,  any Blue
Sky Application,  the preliminary or final Offering Prospectus (or any amendment
or  supplement  thereto),  or Sales  Information  made in  reliance  upon and in
conformity with written information  furnished to the Company or the Association
by Capital Resources  regarding  Capital  Resources  expressly for use under the
caption "The Conversion - Marketing Arrangements" in the Offering Prospectus nor
is  indemnification  required for material  oral  misstatements  made by Capital
Resources,  which are not based upon information  provided by the Association or
the  Company  orally or in  writing  or based on  information  contained  in the
Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  preliminary or
final  Offering  Prospectus  (or  any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  the
Conversion   Application,   any  Blue  Sky  Application  or  Sales   Information
distributed in connection with the Conversion.
                  (b) Capital  Resources  agrees to indemnify  and hold harmless
the Company and the Association,  their directors and officers, agents, servants
and  employees  and  each  person,  if any,  who  controls  the  Company  or the
Association within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of
the 1934 Act  against  any and all loss,  liability,  claim,  damage or  expense
whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses),  joint or several
which they,  or any of them,  may suffer or to which they,  or any of them,  may
become subject under all applicable federal and state laws or otherwise,  and to
promptly  reimburse  the  Company,  the  Association  and any such  persons upon
written demand for any expenses  (including fees and  disbursements  of counsel)
incurred by them, or any of them, in connection with investigating, preparing or
defending any actions,  proceedings or claims (whether  commenced or threatened)
to the extent such losses, claims, damages,  liabilities or actions arise out of
or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact  contained in the  Registration  Statement  (or any amendment of supplement
thereto),  or the preliminary or final Offering  Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto),  or the Conversion  Application or any Blue Sky Application
or Sales Information or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state
in any of the foregoing  documents a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made,  not  misleading;  provided,  however,  that Capital
Resources  obligations  under this  Section 9(b) shall exist only if and only to
the
                                      -24-extent that such untrue  statement or alleged  untrue  statement was made in, or
such material fact or alleged  material fact was omitted from, the  Registration
Statement (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the  preliminary  or final
Offering Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),  or the Conversion
Application,  any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information in reliance upon and
in  conformity  with  written  information  furnished  to  the  Company  or  the
Association by Capital Resources  regarding Capital Resources  expressly for use
under the caption  "The  Conversion  - Marketing  Arrangements"  in the Offering
Prospectus  or in the event of oral  misstatements  made by  Capital  Resources,
which are not based upon information  provided by the Association or the Company
orally or in  writing  or based on  information  contained  in the  Registration
Statement  (or any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto),  preliminary  or  final
Offering  Prospectus  (or any amendment or supplement  thereto),  the Conversion
Application,  any  Blue Sky  Application  or Sales  Information  distributed  in
connection with the Conversion.
                  (c) Each indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to
each indemnifying party of any action,  proceeding,  claim (whether commenced or
threatened),  or suit instituted against it in respect of which indemnity may be
sought  hereunder,  but  failure to so notify an  indemnifying  party  shall not
relieve it from any liability  which it may have on account of this Section 9 or
otherwise.  An  indemnifying  party may  participate  at its own  expense in the
defense of such action.  In addition,  if it so elects within a reasonable  time
after  receipt of such notice,  an  indemnifying  party,  jointly with any other
indemnifying  parties  receiving such notice,  may assume defense of such action
with  counsel  chosen by it and  approved by the  indemnified  parties  that are
defendants in such action,  unless such indemnified parties reasonably object to
such assumption on the ground that there may be legal defenses available to them
that are different from or in addition to those  available to such  indemnifying
party.  If an  indemnifying  party  assumes  the  defense  of such  action,  the
indemnifying  parties  shall not be liable for any fees and  expenses of counsel
for the indemnified  parties incurred thereafter in connection with such action,
proceeding or claim,  other than reasonable costs of investigation.  In no event
shall the indemnifying  parties be liable for the fees and expenses of more than
one  separate  firm of  attorneys  (and any special  counsel  that said firm may
retain)  for  all  indemnified  parties  in  connection  with  any  one  action,
proceeding or claim or separate but similar or related  actions,  proceedings or
claims in the same jurisdiction  arising out of the same general  allegations or
circumstances.
                  (d) The agreements  contained in this Section 9 and in Section
10  hereof  and  the  representations  and  warranties  of the  Company  and the
Association set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of: (i) any investigation  made by or on behalf of Capital
Resources or its officers, directors or controlling persons, agents or employees
or by or on behalf of the Company or the Association or any officers,  directors
or controlling persons, agents or employees of the Company or the Association or
any controlling  person,  director or officer of the Company or the Association;
(ii) delivery of and payment  hereunder for the Shares; or (iii) any termination
of this Agreement.
                  (e) No  indemnification  by the Association under Section 9(a)
hereof nor  contribution  under Section 10 hereof shall be effective if the same
shall be deemed to be in violation of any law, rule or regulation  applicable to
the  Association  including,  without  limitation,  Section  23A of the  Federal
Reserve Act. If the  indemnification  or  contribution by the Association is not
effective  pursuant  to the  preceding  sentence,  then the  indemnification  by
Capital  Resources  pursuant to Section 9(b) shall be given only to the Company,
its  directors  and  officers,  agents,  servants and  employees  and not to the
Association,  its directors and officers, agents, servants and employees and the
Association  shall not be entitled to any  contribution  from Capital  Resources
pursuant to Section 10.
                                      -25-
                  SECTION  10.  Contribution.  In order to provide  for just and
equitable  contribution in circumstances in which the  indemnification  provided
for in  Section 9 is due in  accordance  with its  terms  but is for any  reason
unavailable  as a result of  Section  9(e) or held by a court to be  unavailable
from the  Company,  the  Association  or Capital  Resources,  the  Company,  the
Association  and Capital  Resources  shall  contribute to the aggregate  losses,
claims,  damages and liabilities  (including any investigation,  legal and other
expenses  incurred in connection  with, and any amount paid in settlement of any
action,  suit or  proceeding  of any claims  asserted,  but after  deducting any
contribution  received by the Company or the  Association  or Capital  Resources
from  persons  other than the other  party  thereto,  who may also be liable for
contribution)  in such  proportion so that Capital  Resources is responsible for
that  portion  represented  by the  percentage  that  the fees  paid to  Capital
Resources pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement (not including expenses) bears
to the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares in the
Subscription and Public  Offerings and the Company and the Association  shall be
responsible for the balance.  If, however,  the allocation provided above is not
permitted  by  applicable  law or if the  indemnified  party  failed to give the
notice  required  under  Section 9 above,  then each  indemnifying  party  shall
contribute  to such  amount  paid or payable by such  indemnified  party in such
proportion  as is  appropriate  to reflect not only such  relative  fault of the
Company and the  Association on the one hand and Capital  Resources on the otherin connection  with the  statements or omissions  which resulted in such losses,
claims,  damages or  liabilities  (or actions,  proceedings or claims in respect
thereof), but also the relative benefits received by the Company and Association
on the one hand and Capital  Resources on the other from the offering as well as
any other relevant equitable  considerations.  The relative benefits received by
the Company and the  Association  on the one hand and Capital  Resources  on the
other shall be deemed to be in the same  proportion as the total gross  proceeds
from the Subscription and Public Offerings (before deducting  expenses) received
by the  Company  bear to the total fees (not  including  expenses)  received  by
Capital Resources. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among
other things,  whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
or the  omission  or  alleged  omission  to state a  material  fact  relates  to
information  supplied by the Company  and/or the  Association on the one hand or
Capital  Resources on the other and the parties'  relative  intent,  good faith,
knowledge,  access to  information  and  opportunity  to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.  The Company, the Association and Capital Resources agree
that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
10 were  determined by pro rata  allocation or by any other method of allocation
which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in
this Section 10. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified  party as a result
of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or action,  proceedings or claims
in  respect  thereof)  referred  to above in this  Section 10 shall be deemed to
include any legal or other  expenses  reasonably  incurred  by such  indemnified
party in connection with investigating or defending any such action,  proceeding
or claim. It is expressly agreed that Capital  Resources shall not be liable for
any loss,  liability,  claim, damage or expense or be required to contribute any
amount which in the aggregate  exceeds the amount paid  (excluding  reimbursable
expenses) to Capital  Resources under this Agreement.  It is understood that the
above-stated  limitation on Capital Resources' liability is essential to Capital
Resources and that Capital  Resources  relied upon such limitation and would not
have entered into this  Agreement if such  limitation  had not been agreed to by
the  parties  to this  Agreement.  No  person  found  guilty  of any  fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be
entitled  to  contribution  from any  person  who was not  found  guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. The obligations of the Company and the Association
under this Section 10 and under  Section 9 shall be in addition to any liability
which the Company and the  Association  may otherwise have. For purposes of this
Section 10,  each of Capital  Resources',  the  Company's  or the  Association's
officers and directors and each person,  if any, who controls Capital  Resources
or the  Company or the  Association  within the  meaning of the 1933 Act and the
1934 Act shall  have the same  rights to  contribution  as the  Company  and the
Association.
                                      -26-
Any  party  entitled  to  contribution,  promptly  after  receipt  of  notice of
commencement  of any action,  suit,  claim or  proceeding  against such party in
respect of which a claim for  contribution  may be made  against  another  party
under this  Section 10, will  notify  such party from whom  contribution  may be
sought,  but the  omission  to so notify  such party shall not relieve the party
from whom  contribution  may be sought  from any  other  obligation  it may have
hereunder or otherwise than under this Section 10.
                  SECTION  11.  Survival  of  Agreements,   Representations  and
Indemnities.  The respective  indemnities of the Company,  the  Association  and
Capital Resources and the representations and warranties and other statements of
the Company and the  Association set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement
shall  remain  in full  force  and  effect,  regardless  of any  termination  or
cancellation  of this  Agreement  or any  investigation  made by or on behalf of
Capital  Resources,  the Company,  the  Association  or any  indemnified  person
referred to in Section 9 hereof,  and shall  survive the issuance of the Shares,
and any legal  representative,  successor  or assign of Capital  Resources,  the
Association, and any such indemnified person shall be entitled to the benefit of
the respective agreements, indemnities, warranties and representations.
                  SECTION 12.  Termination.  Capital Resources may terminate 
this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section at any time
after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:
                  (a) In the event the  Company  fails to sell all of the Shares
within the period  specified,  and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan
or as required by the Conversion  Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement
shall terminate upon refund by the Association to each person who has subscribed
for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from
such person, together with interest as provided in the Offering Prospectus,  and
no party to this  Agreement  shall have any  obligation to the other  hereunder,
except  for  payment  by the  Association  and/or  the  Company  as set forth in
Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
                  (b) If any of the conditions  specified in Section 8 shall not
have been  fulfilled when and as required by this  Agreement,  or by the Closing
Date,  or waived in writing  by Capital  Resources,  this  Agreement  and all of
Capital Resources  obligations hereunder may be canceled by Capital Resources by
notifying the Association of such  cancellation in writing or by telegram at any
time at or prior to the  Closing  Date,  and,  any  such  cancellation  shall be
without  Liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise  provided
in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
                  (c) If Capital Resources elects to terminate this Agreement as
provided in this section,  the Company and the Association  shall be notified as
provided in Section 13 hereof,  promptly by Capital  Resources  by  telephone or
telegram, confirmed by letter.SECTION  13.  Notices.  All  communications  hereunder,  except
as  herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be mailed in writing and if
sent to Capital Resources shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and 
confirmed to Capital Resources, Inc.,1701 K Street, N.W., Suite 700, Washington,
D.C. 20006 Attention:  Catherine Kozlow Rochester (with a copy to Serchuk &
Zelermyer, LLP, 81 Main Street, White Plains, NY 10601, Attention: Clifford S. 
Weber, Esq.) and, if sent to the  Company  and the  Association,  shall be
mailed,  delivered  or telegraphed  and  confirmed  to the  Company and the 
Association  at 161 Church Street, Amsterdam, New York, 12010, (Attention:  John
M. Lisicki (with a copy to Malizia,  Spidi,  Sloane & Fisch,  P.C.,  1301 K
Street,  N.W.,  Suite 700 East Washington, D.C. 20005, Attention: John J. Spidi,
Esq.)
                                      -27-
                  SECTION 14. Parties.  The Company and the Association shall be
entitled to act and rely on any request,  notice,  consent,  waiver or agreement
purportedly  given on behalf of Capital  Resources when the same shall have been
given by the undersigned. Capital Resources shall be entitled to act and rely on
any request, notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf or
the  Company  or the  Association,  when the same  shall  have been given by the
undersigned  or any  other  officer  of the  Company  or the  Association.  This
Agreement  shall  inure  solely to the  benefit  of, and shall be binding  upon,
Capital Resources and the Company,  the Association and the controlling  persons
referred  to in  Section  9  hereof,  and  their  respective  successors,  legal
representatives  and assigns,  and no other person shall have or be construed to
have any legal or equitable right,  remedy or claim under or in respect of or by
virtue of this Agreement or any provision herein contained.
                  SECTION  15.  Closing.  The closing for the sale of the Shares
shall take place on the Closing Date at the offices of Capital Resources or such
other location as mutually agreed upon by Capital Resources, the Company and the
Association.  At the closing, the Association shall deliver to Capital Resources
in next day funds the  commissions,  fees and  expenses due and owing to Capital
Resources  as set  forth  in  Sections  2 and 7  hereof  and  the  opinions  and
certificates  required hereby and other documents deemed reasonably necessary by
Capital  Resources  shall be executed  and  delivered  to effect the sale of the
Shares  as  contemplated  hereby  and  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  Offering
Prospectus.
                  SECTION 16.  Partial  Invalidity.  In the event that any term,
provision or covenant herein or the application  thereof to any circumstances or
situation shall be invalid or unenforceable,  in whole or in part, the remainder
hereof and the  application  of said term,  provision  or  covenant to any other
circumstance  or  situation  shall  not be  affected  thereby,  and  each  term,
provision or covenant  herein shall be valid and  enforceable to the full extent
permitted by law.
                  SECTION 17.  Construction.  This Agreement shall be construed 
in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia.
                  SECTION 18.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
separate counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same
instrument.
                  Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement.
                                      -28-
                  If the foregoing  correctly sets forth the  arrangement  among
the Company,  the Association and Capital Resources,  please indicate acceptance
thereof in the space provided below for that purpose,  whereupon this letter and
Capital Resources' acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.
                                        Very truly yours,
                                        AFSALA BANCORP, INC.
                                        By: ________________________________
                                                 John M. Lisicki, President and
                                                 Chief Executive Officer
                                        AMSTERDAM FEDERAL SAVINGS AND
                                        LOAN ASSOCIATION
                                        By:  ________________________________
                                                 John M. Lisicki, President and
                                                 Chief Executive Officer
                  Accepted as of the date first above written.
CAPITAL RESOURCES, INC.By:  _____________________________________
         Catherine K. Rochester, President
                                      -29-Exhibit 1.3
AGENCY AGREEMENT
May 21, 2015
Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc.
151 Steeles Avenue East
Milton, Ontario
L9T 1Y1
Attention: Rob Harris, President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Mr. Harris:
The undersigned, Dundee Securities Ltd. (the “ Lead Agent”), Kes 7 Capital Inc., and Bloom Burton & Co. Ltd. (collectively with the Lead Agent,
the “Agents” and each individually an “ Agent”) understand that Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc. (the “ Corporation”) proposes to issue and
sell up to 13,043,695 common shares of the Corporation (the “Offered Shares”) at a price of $0.92 per Offered Share (the “Offering Price”) for
aggregate gross proceeds of up to $12,000,199.40. The offering of the Offered Shares by the Corporation is referred to in this Agreement as the
“Offering”.
In consideration of the Agents’ services to be rendered in connection with the Offering, the Corporation shall pay to the Agents a cash fee (the
“Agents’ Fee”) equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds of the Offering. As additional consideration, the Corporation shall issue to the Agents that
number of compensation options (the “ Compensation Options”) equal to 3.5% of the number of Offered Shares sold pursuant to the Offering. The
Compensation Options will be exercisable for a period of 24 months at the Offering Price. Unless otherwise stated herein, the Offered Shares shall
also refer to the Compensation Options. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the entire Agents’ Fee and Compensation
Options payable in respect of Offered Shares sold pursuant to Regulation D under the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, shall be
payable to the Lead Agent.
Based on the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Agents severally and not jointly agree to act as,
and the Corporation appoints the Agents as, the exclusive agents of the Corporation to offer the Offered Shares for sale on the Closing Date (as
defined herein) in the Selling Jurisdictions (as defined herein) on a private placement basis at the Offering Price. It is understood and agreed by the
Corporation and the Agents that the Agents shall act as agents only and are under no obligation to purchase any of the Offered Shares.
In connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Shares, the Agents shall be entitled, with the written consent of the Corporation, not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, to retain as sub-agents other securities dealers or financial institutions to solicit subscriptions for Offered
Shares. Any fee payable to such sub-agents shall be for the account of the Agents and not the Corporation.
The Agents shall be entitled to the fee provided for in Section 1(1)(a). That fee shall be payable at the Closing Time upon the closing of the sale of
the Offered Shares, and may be deducted by the Agents from the gross proceeds of the Offering.Schedules:
Schedule “A” - United States Compliance with Securities Laws
1. Definitions
In this Agreement:
(a) “Agent” and “Agents” have the respective meanings given to them above;
(b) “Agents’ Counsel” means Dentons Canada LLP;
(c) “Agents’ Fee” has the meaning given in Section 1(1)(a);
(d) “Agreement” means the agreement resulting from the acceptance by the Corporation of the offer made by the Agents by this
letter;
(e) “Applicable Securities Laws” means all applicable securities laws, rules, regulations, notices and published policies of the
Selling Jurisdictions in Canada and the United States;
(f) “Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or civic holiday in Toronto, Ontario;
(g) “Closing” means the completion of the Offering;
(h) “Closing Date” means May 21, 2015 or such other date as the Corporation and the Agents may agree upon in writing, or as
may be changed pursuant to this Agreement;
(i) “Closing Time” means 8:00 a.m. (Toronto time) on the Closing Date;
(j) “Corporation” has the meaning given to it above;
(k) “Corporation’s Auditors” means such firm of chartered accountants as the Corporation may have appointed or may from
time to time appoint as auditors of the Corporation, including prior auditors of the Corporation, as applicable;
(l) “Corporation’s Counsel” means Fogler Rubinoff LLP;
(m) “Compensation Options” has the meaning ascribed thereto on the face page of this Agreement;
(n) “Compensation Option Certificates” shall mean the certificates representing the Compensation Options ;
(o) “Debt Instrument” means any loan, bond, debenture, promissory note or other instrument evidencing indebtedness (demand
or otherwise) for borrowed money or other liability;
2(p) “Due Diligence Session ” means the due diligence question and answer session held with management of the Corporation on
May 21, 2015 and July 14, 2014;
(q) “Environmental Laws” means any federal, state, provincial, territorial or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order,
decree, judgment, injunction, permit, license, authorization or other binding requirement, or common law, relating to health,
safety or the regulation, protection, cleanup or restoration of the environment or natural resources, including those relating
to the distribution, processing, generation, treatment, control, storage, disposal, transportation, other handling or release or
threatened release of Hazardous Materials or Conditions, and “ Hazardous Materials or Conditions” means any material,
substance (including, without limitation, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous or toxic substances or wastes) or condition that
is regulated by or may give rise to liability under any Environmental Laws;
(r) “Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as at and for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2014 and for the unaudited interim financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2015 together
with the notes thereto;
(s) “Governmental Authority (ies)” means governments, regulatory authorities, governmental departments, agencies,
commissions, bureaus, officials, ministers, Crown corporations, courts, bodies, boards, tribunals or dispute settlement panels
or other law, rule or regulation-making organizations or entities:
(i) having or purporting to have jurisdiction over the Corporation on behalf of any nation, province, territory or state or
any other geographic or political subdivision of any of them; or
(ii) exercising, or entitled or purporting to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, policy, regulatory
or taxing authority or power over the Corporation;
(t) “Indemnified Party” has the meaning given to it in Section 11(b);
(u) “Lead Agent” has the meaning given to it above;
(v) “Material Adverse Effect” or “Material Adverse Change” means any effect, change, event or occurrence that is, or is
reasonably likely to be, materially adverse to the results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise), assets, properties,
capital, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), cash flow, income or business operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole;
(w) “Material Agreement” means any note, indenture, mortgage or other form of indebtedness and any contract, commitment,
agreement (written or oral), joint venture instrument, lease or other document to which the Corporation is a party and which is
material to the Corporation on a consolidated basis;
(x) “notice” has the meaning given to it in Section 21;
3(y) “Offered Shares” has the meaning given to it above;
(z) “Offering” has the meaning given to it above;
(aa) “Offering Price” has the meaning given to it above;
(bb) “Person” means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, firm, entity, unincorporated association, unincorporated
syndicate, unincorporated organization, trust, body corporate, limited liability company and unlimited liability company;
(cc) “Public Record” means the public disclosure of the Corporation filed on SEDAR;
(dd) “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;
(ee) “SEDAR” means the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval;
(ff) “Securities Commissions ” means the securities commissions or similar regulatory authorities in the Selling Jurisdictions;
(gg) “Selling Jurisdictions ” means all of the provinces of Canada, the United States and such other jurisdictions as the Agents
and the Corporation may agree;
(hh) “Subscriber” means, for the purposes of this Agreement, the person who executes a Subscription Agreement or, if such
person executes a Subscription Agreement as a duly authorized agent of one or more principals, the principal or principals of
such person;
(ii) “Subscription Agreements” means the agreements entered into by each Subscriber and the Corporation in respect of the
Subscriber’s subscription for Offered Shares in the form and on terms and conditions satisfactory to each of the Corporation
and the Agents, each acting reasonably;
(jj) “TSX-V” means the TSX Venture Exchange;
(kk) “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States, and the
District of Columbia; and
(ll) “U.S. Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.
In this Agreement, “ affiliated”, “misrepresentation”, “material change”, “material fact” and “subsidiary” have the meanings ascribed thereto
under the Applicable Securities Laws of the Selling Jurisdictions in Canada, and “ distribution” means “distribution” or “distribution to the public”,
as the case may be, as defined under the Applicable Securities Laws of the Selling Jurisdictions in Canada, and  “distribute” has a corresponding
meaning.
In this Agreement, unless there is something in the subject matter or context inconsistent therewith:
4(a) words used herein importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, words importing the use of any gender
include all genders, and words importing persons include individuals, partnerships, associations, trusts, unincorporated
organizations and corporations, and the rest of the sentence is construed as if the necessary grammatical and terminological
changes had been made;
(b) references herein to any agreement or instrument, including this Agreement, are deemed to be references to the agreement or
instrument as varied, amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and any specific references herein to
any legislation or enactment are deemed to be references to such legislation or enactment as the same may be amended or
replaced from time to time; and
(c) all dollar amounts in this Agreement are expressed in Canadian dollars except where expressly indicated otherwise.
The division of this Agreement into sections, subsections, paragraphs, subparagraphs and clauses and the insertion of headings are for
convenience of reference only and do not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The terms “this Agreement”, “hereof’,
“herein”, “hereunder” and similar expressions refer to this Agreement and the schedules hereto and not to any particular section, paragraph,
subparagraph, clause or other portion hereof and include any agreement or instrument supplementary or ancillary hereto.
2. Restrictions on Sale
Each of the Agents severally and not jointly covenants and agrees with the Corporation that it will:
(a) not solicit subscriptions for Offered Shares, trade in Offered Shares or otherwise do any act in furtherance of a trade of
Offered Shares outside of the Selling Jurisdictions;
(b) in connection with the offer and sale of the Offered Shares in Canada, the Agents will only offer and sell the Offered Shares
to persons resident in Canada who are:
(i) “accredited investors” (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions or, in Ontario, Section 73.3
of the Securities Act  (Ontario)), and
(ii) purchasing as principals; and
(c) not advertise the proposed sale of the Offered Shares in printed media of general and regular paid circulation, radio,
television or the internet nor provide or make available to prospective purchasers of Offered Shares any document or material
which would constitute an offering memorandum as defined in Applicable Securities Laws in Canada.
5The parties hereto acknowledge that the Offered Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any U.S. state
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to transactions that are exempt from the registration
requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any U.S. state. Accordingly, the Corporation and the Agents hereby
agree that offers and sales of the Offered Shares in the United States shall be made only to “accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D under the U.S. Securities Act in the manner specified in Schedule A hereto, which terms and conditions are hereby incorporated by
reference in and shall form a part of this Agreement.
Any agreement between an Agent and the members of any sub-agent group or selling group formed in connection with the Offering shall contain
the restrictions in Schedule A hereto.
3. Delivery of Subscription Agreements
The Agents agree to obtain from each Subscriber executed Subscription Agreements (including the execution of applicable Schedules to such
Subscription Agreements) and deliver such Subscription Agreements (including applicable Schedules) to the Corporation at or prior to the Closing
Time. In addition, the Agents agree to obtain from each Subscriber such forms and other documents as may be required by the Securities
Commissions and by the Corporation’s registrar and provided by the Corporation to the Agents for delivery under this Agreement.
The Corporation and the Agents shall agree on the allocation of the Offered Shares amongst the Subscribers.
4. Representations and Warranties of the Corporation
The Corporation represents, warrants and covenants to the Agents, and acknowledges that the Agents are relying upon such representations,
warranties and covenants, that:
(a) the Corporation (i) is duly amalgamated under the Business Corporations Act  (Ontario) (the “Act”) and is up-to-date in
respect of all material corporate filings and is in good standing under such Act; (ii) has all requisite corporate power,
authority and capacity to carry on its business as now conducted and to own, lease and operate its properties and assets
(including as described in the Public Disclosure); and (iii) has all requisite corporate power, authority and capacity to create,
issue and sell the Offered Shares, to enter into this Agency Agreement and the Compensation Option Certificates, and to
carry out the provisions contained in hereunder and thereunder;
(b) the Corporation does not have any material subsidiaries;
(c) no proceedings have been taken, instituted or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, are pending for the dissolution or
liquidation of the Corporation;
(d) the Corporation has conducted its business in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations (including all applicable federal, national, provincial, municipal, and local environmental anti-pollution and
licensing laws, regulations and other lawful requirements of any governmental or regulatory body, of each jurisdiction in
which its business is carried on and is licensed, registered or qualified in all jurisdictions in which it owns, leases or operates
its property or carries on business to enable its business to be carried on as now conducted and its property and assets to be
owned, leased and operated and all such licences, registrations and qualifications are valid, subsisting and in good standing
and it has not received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows of, nor has reasonable grounds to know of, any facts that
could give rise to a notice of non-compliance with any such laws, regulations or permits which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect and all such licences, registrations and qualifications are valid, subsisting and in good
standing;
6(e) all necessary corporate action has been taken or will have been taken prior to the Closing Time by the Corporation so as to
validly issue and sell the Offered Shares and to issue the Compensation Options;
(f) except for the approval of the TSXV and any post-closing notice filings required under applicable United States federal or
state securities laws, all consents, approvals, authorizations and corporate action have been taken and all necessary
documents have been delivered and executed with respect to the Offering;
(g) the execution and delivery of this Agency Agreement and the Compensation Option Certificates, and the performance of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares, have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Corporation and this Agency Agreement has been executed and delivered
by the Corporation and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Corporation, enforceable against the Corporation in
accordance with its terms, provided that enforcement thereof may be limited by laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, that
specific performance and other equitable remedies may only be granted in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction,
that the provisions thereof relating to indemnity, contribution and waiver of contribution may be unenforceable under
applicable law and that enforceability is subject to the provisions of the Limitations Act, 2002  (Ontario);
(h) except for any post-closing notice filings required under applicable United States federal or state securities laws, the
execution and delivery of this Agency Agreement and the Compensation Option Certificates, and the fulfilment of the terms
hereof and thereof by the Corporation, including the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares, do not and will not require the
consent, approval, authorization, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority, stock exchange,
Securities Commission or other third party, except such as have been obtained or such as may be required (and shall be
obtained prior to the Closing Time) under Applicable Securities Laws or stock exchange regulations;
(i) the Offered Shares have been, or prior to the Closing Time will be, duly and validly authorized for issuance and, upon receipt
by the Corporation of the purchase price for the Offered Shares, will be validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable
Common Shares;
7(j) the Compensation Options have been, or prior to the Closing Time will be duly and validly authorized and created;
(k) the Compensation Option Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Compensation Options, including payment in full of the
applicable exercise price, will be validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares;
(l) the authorized capital of the Corporation consists of an unlimited number of Common Shares, of which, as of May 20, 2015,
100,675,988 Common Shares were outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares;
(m) the Corporation is not aware of any legislation, or proposed legislation published by a legislative body, which it anticipates
will materially and adversely affect the business, affairs, operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or prospects
of the Corporation on a consolidated basis;
(n) no order ceasing or suspending trading in any securities of the Corporation or prohibiting the sale of the Offered Shares or
the trading of any of the Corporation’s issued securities has been issued and no proceedings for such purpose are
threatened or, to the best of the Corporation’s knowledge, pending;
(o) except as disclosed to the Agents, no person now has any agreement or option or right or privilege (whether at law, pre-
emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an agreement for the purchase, subscription or issuance of, or conversion into,
any unissued shares, securities, warrants or convertible obligations of any nature of the Corporation;
(p) since December 31, 2013, except as disclosed in the Public Record:
(i) there has not been any material change in the assets, liabilities, obligations (absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise), business, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Corporation on a consolidated
basis;
(ii) there has not been any material change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Corporation on a consolidated
basis; and
(iii) the Corporation has carried on its business in the ordinary course;
(q) the Financial Statements of the Corporation present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Corporation
on a consolidated basis for the periods then ended;
(r) the Corporation does not have any liabilities, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, not disclosed in the Public Record
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(s) except as disclosed in the Public Record (and certain other matters disclosed in writing to the Agents that the Corporation
believes are without merit and/or would not have a Material Adverse Effect), there are no threats of actions, proceedings or
investigations (whether or not purportedly by or on behalf of the Corporation) that have been made to the Corporation or, to
the knowledge of the Corporation, that are pending or affecting the Corporation at law or in equity (whether in any court,
arbitration or similar tribunal) or before or by any federal, provincial, state, municipal or other governmental department,
commission, board or agency, domestic or foreign, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
8(t) the execution and delivery of this Agency Agreement and the Compensation Option Certificates, and the fulfilment of the
terms hereof and thereof by the Corporation, including the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares, do not and will not (as
the case may be) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default
under, whether after notice or lapse of time or both, (A) any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Corporation, including
Applicable Securities Laws; (B) the constating documents, by-laws or resolutions of the Corporation; (C) the terms of any
Debt Instrument, Material Agreement, mortgage, note, indenture, instrument, lease or any other material agreement to which
the Corporation is a party or by which they are bound; or (D) any judgment, decree or order binding the Corporation or the
respective property or assets of the Corporation;
(u) to the knowledge of the Corporation, no agreement is in force or effect which in any manner affects the voting or control of
any of the securities of the Corporation;
(v) the Corporation is not included in a list of defaulting reporting issuers maintained by the Securities Commissions in the
Qualifying Jurisdictions and in particular, without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation has at all relevant times complied
with its obligations to make timely disclosure of all material changes relating to it, no such disclosure has been made on a
confidential basis that is still maintained on a confidential basis, and there is no material change relating to the Corporation
which has occurred and with respect to which the requisite material change report has not been filed with the Securities
Commissions and the Corporation is in all material respects in compliance with the rules and regulations of the TSXV;
(w) the Corporation has complied in all material respects with requirements to file all reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other documents that it is required to file under the U.S. Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
U.S. Exchange Act, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively
referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed
any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in
all material respects with the respective requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder. The financial statements of the Corporation included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in
effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“ GAAP”), except as may be otherwise
specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all
footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Corporation as of and for
the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments;
9(x) neither the Corporation nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other
person acting on behalf of the Corporation is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that has resulted or
would result in a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977  (United States), as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder (the “ FCPA”), and the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (the “CFPOA”)
including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift,
promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any “foreign official” (as such term is defined in the
FCPA) or any “foreign public official” (as such term is defined in the CFPOA) or any foreign political party or official thereof
or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA and the CFPOA; and the Corporation will monitor
its respective businesses to ensure compliance with the FCPA and the CFPOA, as applicable, and, if violations of the FCPA
or the CFPOA are found, will take remedial action to remedy such violations;
(y) the operations of the Corporation are, and have been conducted at all times, in compliance with all material applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970
(United States), as amended, the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act  (Canada), the money
laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar applicable
rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “ Money
Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Corporation with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Corporation, threatened;
(z) neither the Corporation nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person
acting on behalf of the Corporation is currently subject to any United States sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department (“ OFAC”); and the Corporation will not directly or indirectly use
the proceeds of this Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture
partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any United
States sanctions administered by OFAC;
10
(aa) all filings and fees required to be made and paid by the Corporation pursuant to Applicable Securities Laws have been paid
or will be promptly paid by the Corporation following the Closing Time;
(bb) the Corporation’s Auditors who audited the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended
December 31, 2014 and delivered their auditors’ report thereto are independent public accountants as required by the
Canadian Securities Laws;
(cc) there has not been any “reportable event” (within the meaning of National Instrument 51- 102 - Continuous Disclosure
Obligations  with the Corporation’s Auditors;
(dd) all taxes (including income tax, capital tax, payroll taxes, employer health tax, workers’ compensation payments, property
taxes, custom and land transfer taxes), duties, royalties, levies, imposts, assessments, deductions, charges or withholdings
and all liabilities with respect thereto including any penalty and interest payable with respect thereto (collectively, “ Taxes”)
due and payable by the Corporation have been paid, except for where the failure to pay such taxes would not constitute an
adverse material fact of the Corporation or result in a Material Adverse Effect. All tax returns, declarations, remittances and
filings required to be filed by the Corporation have been filed with all appropriate Governmental Authorities and all such
returns, declarations, remittances and filings are complete and materially accurate and no material fact or facts have been
omitted therefrom which would make any of them misleading except where the inaccuracy or failure to file such documents
would not constitute an adverse material fact of the Corporation or result in a Material Adverse Effect. No examination of any
tax return of the Corporation is currently in progress and there are no issues or disputes outstanding with any Governmental
Authority respecting any taxes that have been paid, or may be payable, by the Corporation, in any case, except where such
examinations, issues or disputes would not constitute an adverse material fact of the Corporation or result in a Material
Adverse Effect;
(ee) neither the Corporation or to the knowledge of the Corporation any other person, is in default in the observance or
performance of any term, covenant or obligation to be performed by the Corporation or such other person under any Debt
Instrument, Material Agreement, agreement, or arrangement to which the Corporation is a party or otherwise bound which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and all such contracts, agreements or arrangements are in
good standing, and to the knowledge of the Corporation no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both
would constitute such a default by the Corporation or any other party;
(ff) Equity Financial Trust Company at its principal transfer office in the City of Toronto, Ontario has been duly appointed as the
registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares;
(gg) except as disclosed in the Public Record, none of the directors or officers of the Corporation, any known holder of more than
10% of any class of shares of the Corporation, or any known associate or affiliate of any of the foregoing persons, has had
any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction during the three most recently completed financial years or during
the current financial year, or any proposed material transaction which, as the case may be, materially affected, is material to or
will materially affect the Corporation on a consolidated basis;
11(hh) each Debt Instrument to which the Corporation is a party is in good standing and the Corporation is not in default of any
obligation or covenant under such Debt Instruments and, except for intercompany debt, the Corporation is not party to any
material Debt Instrument or has any material loans or other indebtedness outstanding which has been made to any of its
shareholders, officers, directors or employees, past or present, or any person not dealing at arm’s length with them;
(ii) the Corporation is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable federal, provincial, state, municipal and local laws,
statutes, ordinances, by laws and regulations and orders, directives and decisions rendered by any ministry, department or
administrative or regulatory agency, domestic or foreign (the “Environmental Laws”) relating to the protection of the
environment, occupational health and safety or the processing, use, treatment, storage, disposal, discharge, transport or
handling of any pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous wastes or substance (“ Hazardous
Substances”);
(jj) the Corporation has collectively, obtained all material licences, permits, approvals, consents, certificates, registrations and
other authorizations under all applicable Environmental Laws (the “Environmental Permits”) necessary as at the date hereof
for the operation of the business carried by the Corporation;
(kk) the Corporation has not used, except in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws and Environmental
Permits, any property or facility which it owns or leases or previously owned or leased, to generate, manufacture, process,
distribute, use, treat, store, dispose of, transport or handle any Hazardous Substance;
(ll) the Corporation has not received any notice of, or been prosecuted for an offence alleging, non-compliance with any
Environmental Law. There are no orders or directions relating to environmental matters requiring any material work, repairs,
construction or capital expenditures to be made with respect to any of the assets of the Corporation which are material to the
Corporation, nor has the Corporation received notice of any of the same;
(mm) the Corporation has not received any notice wherein it is alleged or stated that it is potentially responsible for a federal,
provincial, state, municipal or local clean-up site or corrective action under any Environmental Laws and the Corporation has
not received any request for information in connection with any federal, state, provincial, municipal or local inquiries as to
disposal sites;
12(nn) except as disclosed in the Public Record, the Corporation is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in and
to, or has a valid and enforceable right to use pursuant to a written license, all trademarks, trade names, service marks,
patents, patent applications, other patent rights, copyrights, domain names, software, inventions, processes, databases,
know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information,
systems or procedures) and other similar intellectual property rights, whether registered or unregistered and in any
jurisdiction (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”) reasonably necessary to conduct its business as now conducted or
proposed to be conducted. To the knowledge of the Corporation, the Corporation’s business as now conducted or proposed
to be conducted as described in the Public Record, does not infringe, conflict with or otherwise violate any Intellectual
Property Rights of others, and the Corporation has not received, and has no reason to believe that it will receive, any notice
of infringement or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others, or any facts or circumstances which would
render any Intellectual Property Rights invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Corporation therein. Except as
disclosed to the Agent, to the knowledge of the Corporation, there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual
Property Rights owned by the Corporation. Except as disclosed in the Public Record, there is no pending or, to the
knowledge of the Corporation, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim relating to Intellectual Property Rights owned by
the Corporation. Except as disclosed in the Public Record, the Corporation is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses
or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity. All licenses for Intellectual
Property Rights owned or used by the Corporation are valid, binding upon and enforceable by or against the Corporation
and, to the Corporation’s knowledge, against the parties thereto in accordance with their terms. To the knowledge of the
Corporation, none of the technology employed by the Corporation has been obtained or is being used by the Corporation in
violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Corporation or, to the Corporation’s knowledge, any of its officers,
directors or employees or otherwise in violation of the rights of any third party. All assignments from inventors to the
Corporation have been obtained and filed with the appropriate patent offices for all of the Corporation’s patent applications.
Except as disclosed in the Public Record the Corporation does not have knowledge of any claims of third parties to any
ownership interest or lien with respect to the Corporation’s or its licensors’ patents and patent applications. The Corporation
does not know of any facts which would form a basis for a finding of unenforceability or invalidity of any of the patents,
trademarks or service marks of the Corporation. The Corporation does not know of any material defects of form in the
preparation or filing of the patent applications of the Corporation. To the knowledge of the Corporation, the Corporation has
complied with the U.S. Patents and Trademark Office duties and Canadian equivalent duties of candor and disclosure for each
patent and patent application of the Corporation. The Corporation does not know of any fact with respect to the patent
applications of the Corporation presently on file that (i) would preclude the issuance of patents with respect to such
applications, (ii) would lead the Corporation to conclude that such patents, when issued, would not be valid and enforceable
in accordance with applicable regulations or (iii) would result in a third party having any rights in any patents issuing from
such patent applications. The Corporation has taken all commercially reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard its
rights in all material Intellectual Property Rights, including the execution of appropriate nondisclosure and confidentiality
agreements;
13(oo) except as disclosed to the Agents, the Corporation (or parties under contractual obligation to the Corporation) holds all
licenses, certificates, approvals and permits from all provincial, federal, state, United States, foreign and other regulatory
authorities, including but not limited to the United States Food and Drug Administration (the “ FDA”), Health Canada (“HC”),
the European Medicines Agency (the “ EMA”) and any foreign regulatory authorities performing functions similar to those
performed by the FDA, HC and the EMA, that are material to the conduct of the business of the Corporation as such
business is now conducted or proposed to be conducted as described in the Public Record, all of which are valid and in full
force and effect and there is no proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, threatened which may cause
any such license, certificate, approval or permit to be withdrawn, cancelled, suspended or not renewed. Nothing has come to
the attention of the Corporation that has caused the Corporation to believe that the completed studies, tests, preclinical
studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Corporation that are described in the Public Record were not
conducted, in all material respects, in accordance with experimental protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to, where
applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable to those being
developed by the Corporation; or that the drug substances used in the clinical trials have not been manufactured, under
“current good manufacturing practices”, when required, in the United States, Canada and other jurisdictions in which such
clinical trials have been and are being conducted. No filing or submission to the FDA, HC, the EMA or any other regulatory
body, that was or is intended to be the basis for any approval of the Corporation’s products or product candidates, to the
knowledge of the Corporation, contains any material omission or material false information. The Corporation is not in
violation of any material law, order, rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental agency or body,
applicable to the investigation of new drugs in humans and animals, including, but not limited to, those promulgated by the
FDA, HC or the EMA;
(pp) the descriptions in the Public Record of the results of the clinical trials referred to therein are consistent in all material
respects with such results and no other studies or other clinical trials whose results are known to the Corporation are
materially inconsistent with or otherwise materially call into question the results described or referred to in the Public Record.
To the Corporation’s knowledge, the studies, tests and preclinical and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the
Corporation were and, if still pending, are, in all material respects, being conducted in accordance with experimental
protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to accepted professional scientific standards and all applicable laws and
authorizations;
(qq) the Corporation possesses such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits issued by the appropriate federal,
provincial, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct its business, except where the failure to
possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse
Change, and the Corporation has not received, nor has any reason to believe that it will receive, any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit which,
singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavourable decision, ruling or finding, could result in a Material Adverse
Change;
14(rr) neither the Corporation or, to the best of its knowledge, any employee or agent thereof, has made any unlawful contribution
or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state, provincial or foreign office, or failed to disclose fully
any contribution, in violation of any law, or made any payment to any foreign, Canadian, governmental officer or official, or
other Person charged with similar public or quasi-public duties, other than payments required or permitted by applicable
laws;
(ss) there are no environmental audits, evaluations, assessments, studies or tests relating to the Corporation except for ongoing
assessments conducted by or on behalf of the Corporation in the ordinary course;
(tt) each material plan for retirement, bonus, stock purchase, profit sharing, stock option, deferred compensation, severance or
termination pay, insurance, medical, hospital, dental, vision care, drug, sick leave, disability, salary continuation, legal
benefits, unemployment benefits, vacation, incentive or otherwise contributed to or required to be contributed to, by the
Corporation for the benefit of any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Corporation (the
“Employee Plans”) has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all
statutes, orders, rules and regulations that are applicable to such Employee Plans, in each case in all material respects and
has been publicly disclosed to the extent required by Applicable Securities Laws;
(uu) all material accruals for unpaid vacation pay, premiums for employment insurance, health premiums, federal or state pension
plan premiums, accrued wages, salaries and commissions and employee benefit plan payments have been reflected in the
books and records of the Corporation;
(vv) there has never been, there is not currently and the Corporation does not anticipate any labour disruption with respect to the
employees or consultants of the Corporation which is adversely affecting or could adversely affect the carrying on of the
business of the Corporation;
(ww) the minute books of the Corporation made available to the Agents contain copies of all constating documents and all
proceedings of security holders and directors (and committees thereof) and are complete in all material respects;
(xx) the Corporation is not aware of any circumstances presently existing under which liability is or could reasonably be expected
to be incurred under Part XXIII.1 - Civil Liability for Secondary Market Disclosure of the Securities Act  (Ontario) or
analogous securities laws in the other Qualifying Jurisdictions;
15(yy) other than the Agents, there is no person acting or purporting to act at the request or on behalf of the Corporation that is
entitled to any brokerage or finder’s fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agency Agreement;
(zz) the Corporation will use the proceeds from the Offering for acquisitions and working capital; and
(aaa) the Corporation has complied and will comply with the representation, warranties and covenants applicable to it in Schedule
“A” and Schedule “A” is true and correct in all material respects.
5. Agents’ Fee
In consideration for the Agents’ services hereunder, the Corporation will pay to the Agents the Agents’ Fee and the
Corporation shall issue to the Agents that number of Compensation Options equal to 3.5% of the number of Offered Shares
sold pursuant to the Offering. Unless otherwise stated herein, the Offered Shares shall also refer to the Compensation
Options. The Agents’ Fee shall be apportioned among the Agents as follows:
Dundee Securities Ltd. 40%
Kes 7 Capital Inc. 30%
Bloom Burton & Co. Ltd. 30%
100%
6. Closing
The sale of the Offered Shares shall be completed at the Closing Time at the offices of Corporation’s Counsel in Toronto, Ontario or at such other
place as the Corporation and the Agents may agree. At the Closing Time, the Corporation shall deliver to the Agents:
(a) the opinions, certificates and agreements referred to in Section 9 and all other documents required to be provided by the
Corporation to the Agents pursuant to this Agreement and the Subscription Agreements;
(b) except for any Offered Shares offered or sold in the United States which shall be represented by individual definitive share
certificates, one or more definitive share certificate(s)/and or book-entry only securities, duly registered as the Lead Agent
may direct the Corporation;
(c) the Corporation’s receipt for payment by the Agents of an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price for the Offered
Shares sold pursuant to the Offering; and
(d) such further documentation as may be contemplated by this Agreement or as Agents’ Counsel or the applicable regulatory
authorities may reasonably require;
against delivery by the Agents of:
16(e) all duly completed Subscription Agreements tendered by the Subscribers for the Offered Shares being issued and sold and,
where applicable, all completed forms, schedules and certificates contemplated by such Subscription Agreements;
(f) a wire transfer of immediately available funds in an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price for the Offered Shares sold
pursuant to the Offering, less an amount equal to the Agents’ Fee and the costs and expenses of the Agent provided for in
Section 14; and
(g) the Agents’ receipt for the Agents’ Fee and the definitive certificates delivered to the Agents in accordance with Section
6(b).
7. Delivery of Offered Shares
The Corporation shall, prior to the Closing Date, make all necessary arrangements for the preparation and delivery (and, in the case of definitive
certificates, execution of such definitive certificate(s) representing the Offered Shares) of the Offered Shares on the Closing Date in the City of
Toronto.
The Corporation shall pay all fees and expenses payable to its transfer agent in connection with the preparation and delivery (and, in the case of
definitive certificates, execution of such definitive certificate(s) representing the Offered Shares) of the Offered Shares contemplated by this Section
7 and the fees and expenses payable to its transfer agent as may be required in the course of the distribution of the Offered Shares.
8. Agency Basis
The Corporation agrees that the Agents are acting as agents of the Corporation in seeking purchasers of Offered Shares without underwriter
liability, and nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement shall require the Agents to purchase any of the Offered Shares in connection with
the Offering.
9. Conditions to Closing
The sale of the Offered Shares shall be subject to the representations, warranties and covenants of the Corporation contained in this Agreement
being accurate as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, to the Corporation having performed all of its obligations under this
Agreement and to the following additional conditions, and the Agents shall have the right on the Closing Date on behalf of Subscribers for Offered
Shares to withdraw, all Subscription Agreements delivered and not previously withdrawn by Subscribers unless such conditions have been
satisfied:
(a) Delivery of Opinions
(i) The Agents shall have received at the Closing Time a legal opinion dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agents, acting reasonably, addressed to the Agents (and, if required for opinion purposes,
counsel to the Agents) from Corporation’s Counsel as to the laws of Canada and the Selling Jurisdictions in
Canada, which counsel in turn may rely upon the opinions of local counsel where it deems such reliance proper as
to the laws other than those of Canada and such provinces in Canada where Corporation’s Counsel is licensed to
practice law (or alternatively make arrangements to have such opinions directly addressed to the Agents) and as
to matters of fact, on certificates of Governmental Authorities and officers of the Corporation and letters from
stock exchange representatives and transfer agents, with respect to customary corporate, securities law and other
matters requested by the Agents.
(ii) The Agents shall have received at the Closing Time an opinion of U.S. counsel to the Corporation, Troutman
Sanders LLP, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, acting reasonably, to the effect that the offer and
sale of the Offered Shares in the United States do not require registration under the U.S. Securities Act.
17(iii) The Agents having received at the Closing Time such further opinions, certificates and other documentation from
the Corporation as may be contemplated herein or as the Agents may reasonably require, provided, however, that
the Agents shall request any such opinion, certificate or document within a reasonable period prior to the Closing
Time that is sufficient for the Corporation to obtain and deliver such certificate or document.
(b) Delivery of Certificates
(i) The Agents shall have received at the Closing Time a certificate dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Agents
(and, if necessary for opinion purposes, counsel to the Agents) and signed by officers of the Corporation
acceptable to the Agents, acting reasonably, with respect to the constating documents of the Corporation, no
proceedings to voluntarily wind-up or dissolve, all resolutions of the board of directors of the Corporation relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the incumbency and specimen
signatures of signing officers of the Corporation and such other matters as the Agents may reasonably request.
(ii) The Agents shall have received at the Closing Time a certificate of good standing of the Corporation.
(iii) The Agents shall have received at the Closing Time a certificate dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Agents
and counsel to the Agents and signed on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer or other officers of the Corporation acceptable to the Agents, certifying for and on behalf of the
Corporation and without personal liability, after having made due enquiry:
(A) the Corporation has complied with and satisfied all terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Subscription Agreements on its part to be complied with or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time;
18(B) the representations and warranties of the Corporation contained in this Agreement and the
Subscription Agreements are true and correct at the Closing Time with the same force and effect as if
made at and as of the Closing Time after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement;
(C) the responses provided by the Corporation at the Due Diligence Session are true and correct and
would not be different in any material respect if the Due Diligence Session were held immediately prior
to the Closing Time;
(D) the Corporation has made and/or obtained, on or prior to the Closing Time, all necessary filings,
approvals, consents and acceptances of applicable regulatory authorities and under any applicable
agreement or document to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, required for the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the offering and sale of the Offered Shares in the Selling
Jurisdictions in Canada and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated hereby (subject
to completion of filings with certain regulatory authorities following the Closing Date);
(E) no order, ruling or determination having the effect of suspending the sale of or cease trading the
Offered Shares or any other securities of the Corporation has been issued by any regulatory authority
and is continuing in effect and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or,
to the knowledge of such officer of the Corporation, contemplated or threatened under any Applicable
Securities Laws or by any other regulatory authority; and
(F) such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Agents or the Agents’ Counsel.
(c) Exchange Approval
The Corporation shall have obtained the conditional approval of the TSX-V and any other applicable exchange in respect of
the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares and all other necessary regulatory approvals prior to the Closing.
(d) Consents
All required third party consents and waivers necessary for the Corporation to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been received at or prior to the Closing Time.
19The foregoing conditions contained in this Section 9 are for the sole benefit of the Agents and may be waived in whole or in part by the Agents at
any time and without limitation. If any of the foregoing conditions have not been met at the Closing Time, the Agents may terminate their
obligations under this Agreement without prejudice to any other remedies they may have and the Agents shall have the right on behalf of the
Subscribers to withdraw all Subscription Agreements delivered and not previously withdrawn by Subscribers.
10. Rights of Termination
(a) Regulatory Proceedings Out
If, after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Time, any enquiry, action, suit, investigation or other proceeding, whether
formal or informal, is instituted or announced or any order is made by any federal, provincial or other Governmental Authority
in relation to the Corporation which, in the opinion of any of the Agents, operates to prevent or restrict the distribution or
trading of the Offered Shares, then such Agent shall be entitled, at its option and in accordance with Section 10(e), to
terminate its obligations under this Agreement by notice to that effect given to the Corporation any time at or prior to the
Closing Time.
(b) Disaster Out
If prior to the Closing Time there should develop, occur or come into effect or existence any event, action, state, condition or
major financial occurrence of national or international consequence or any law or regulation which, in the opinion of any of
the Agents, seriously adversely affects, or involves, or will seriously adversely affect, or involve, the financial markets or the
business, operations or affairs of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, then such Agent shall be entitled, at
its option and in accordance with Section 10(e), to terminate its obligations under this Agreement by written notice to that
effect given to the Corporation at any time at or prior to the Closing Time.
(c) Material Change or Change in Material Fact Out
If, after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Time, there shall occur any material change or change in a material fact which,
in the reasonable opinion of any of the Agents, would be expected to have a significant adverse effect on the business,
affairs, prospects or financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or the market price or value
of the securities of the Corporation, then such Agent shall be entitled, at its option, in accordance with Section 10(e), to
terminate its obligations under this Agreement by written notice to that effect given to the Corporation any time at or prior to
the Closing Time.
(d) Non-Compliance with Conditions
The Corporation agrees that all terms and conditions in Section 9 shall be construed as conditions and complied with so far
as they relate to acts to be performed or caused to be performed by it, that it will use its best efforts to cause such conditions
to be complied with, and that any breach or failure by the Corporation to comply with any such conditions shall entitle any of
the Agents, in accordance with Section 10(e), to terminate its obligations under this Agreement by written notice to that
effect given to the Corporation at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, unless otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement. Each Agent may waive, in whole or in part, or extend the time for compliance with, any terms and conditions
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any other terms and conditions or any other or subsequent breach or non-
compliance, provided that any such waiver or extension shall be binding upon an Agent only if such waiver or extension is in
writing and signed by the Agent.
20
(e) Exercise of Termination Rights
The rights of termination contained in Sections 10(a), (b), (c) and (d) may be exercised by any of the Agents and are in
addition to any other rights or remedies any of the Agents may have in respect of any default, act or failure to act or non-
compliance by the Corporation in respect of any of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise. In the event of
any such termination, there shall be no further liability on the part of the Agents to the Corporation or on the part of the
Corporation to the Agents except in respect of any liability which may have arisen prior to or arise after such termination
under Sections 11, 12 and 14. A notice of termination given by an Agent under Section 10(a), (b), (c) or (d) shall not be
binding upon any other Agent who has not also executed such notice.
11. Indemnity
(a) Rights of Indemnity
(1) The Corporation covenants and agrees to protect, indemnify, and save harmless, each of the Agents and their respective
affiliates, and each and every one of the directors, officers, employees, partners and agents of the Agents (individually, an
“Indemnified Party” and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all expenses, losses
(excluding loss of profits), claims, actions, damages (other than consequential or punitive damages) or liabilities, joint or
several (including the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any actions, suits, proceedings or claims and the reasonable
fees and expenses of their counsel that may be incurred in advising with respect to and/or defending any claim that may be
made against the Indemnified Parties) to which any Indemnified Party may become subject or otherwise involved in any
capacity under any statute or common law or otherwise insofar as such expenses, losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
actions arise out of or are based, directly or indirectly, upon the performance of professional services rendered to the
Corporation by the Indemnified Parties (or any of them), whether directly or indirectly, including by reason of:
(a) any information or statement contained in this Agreement, the Corporation’s publicly available
disclosed documents filed on SEDAR or elsewhere, or in any other material prepared by the
Corporation used for marketing the Offering or any certificate of the Corporation delivered hereunder
or pursuant hereto, which at the time and in the light of the circumstances under which it was made
contains or is alleged to contain a misrepresentation or any misstatement of a material fact;
21(b) the omission or alleged omission to state in in this Agreement, the Corporation’s publicly available
disclosed documents filed on SEDAR or elsewhere, or in any other material prepared by the
Corporation used for marketing the Offering or any certificate of the Corporation delivered hereunder
or pursuant hereto, any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make any statement
therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made;
(c) any order made, or inquiry, investigation or proceeding commenced by any securities regulatory
authority or other competent authority based upon any misrepresentation, untrue statement or
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission in this Agreement, the Corporation’s publicly
available disclosed documents filed on SEDAR or elsewhere, or in any other material prepared by the
Corporation used for marketing the Offering or any certificate of the Corporation delivered hereunder
or pursuant hereto that prevents or restricts the trading in any of the Corporation’s securities or the
distribution or distribution to the public, as the case may be, of any of the Offered Shares in any of the
Qualifying Jurisdictions;
(d) the Corporation not complying with any requirement of Applicable Securities Laws or stock exchange
requirements in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, including the Corporation’s
non-compliance with any statutory requirement to make any document available for inspection; or
(e) any breach of a representation or warranty of the Corporation contained in this Agreement or the
failure of the Corporation to comply with any of its obligations hereunder.
(2) Notwithstanding Subsection 11(a) (1), the indemnification in Subsection 11(a)(1) does not and shall not apply to the extent
that a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment that has become non- appealable shall determine that (a) the Agents
and their respective affiliates have been negligent or have committed any fraudulent or illegal act in the course of the
professional services rendered to the Corporation, and (b) such expenses, losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions were
caused or incurred by the gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct of the Agents.
(3) If any matter or thing contemplated by this Section 11 shall be asserted against any Indemnified Party in respect of which
indemnification is or might reasonably be considered to be provided, such Indemnified Party will notify the Corporation in
writing as soon as possible of the nature of such claim (provided that omission to so notify the Corporation will not relieve
the Corporation of any liability that it may otherwise have to the Indemnified Party hereunder, except to the extent the
Corporation is materially prejudiced by such omission) and the Corporation shall be entitled (but not required) to assume the
defence of any suit brought to enforce such claim; provided, however, that the defence shall be through legal counsel
reasonably acceptable to such Indemnified Party and that no settlement may be made by the Corporation or such Indemnified
Party without the prior written consent of the other, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
22(4) In any such claim, such Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain other legal counsel to act on such Indemnified
Party’s behalf, provided that the fees and disbursements of such other legal counsel shall be paid by such Indemnified Party,
unless: (a) the employment of such counsel has been authorized by the Corporation; or (b) the Corporation has not assumed
the defence and employed counsel thereof promptly after receiving notice of such claim; or (c) the named parties to any such
claim include both the Indemnified Party and the Corporation, and the Indemnified Party has been advised by legal counsel
thereto that representation of both the Corporation and the Indemnified Party by the same legal counsel would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them; or (d) there are one or more defences available to
the Indemnified Party which are different from and in addition to those available to the Corporation, provided that the
Corporation shall not be responsible for the fees or expenses of more than one legal firm in any single jurisdiction for all of
the Indemnified Parties.
(5) To the extent that any Indemnified Party is not a party to this Underwriting Agreement, the Agents shall obtain and hold
the right and benefit of this Section 11 in trust for and on behalf of such Indemnified Party.
(6) The Corporation hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any court in which any claim that is subject to
indemnification hereunder is brought against the Agents or any Indemnified Party and to the assignment of the benefit of
this Section 11 to any Indemnified Party for the purpose of enforcement provided that nothing herein shall limit the
Corporation’s right or ability to contest the appropriate jurisdiction or forum for the determination of any such claims.
(7) The rights of the Corporation contained in this Section 11 shall not enure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the
Agents were provided with a copy of any amendment or supplement to this Agreement which corrects any untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission that is the basis of a claim by a party against such Indemnified Party and that is required,
under the Applicable Securities Laws, to be delivered to such party by the Agents.
(8) The Corporation shall not be liable under this Section 11 for any settlement of any claim or action effected without its prior
written consent.
23(b) Notification of Claims
If any matter or thing contemplated by Section 11(a) (any such matter or thing being referred to as a “Claim”) is asserted
against any person or company in respect of which indemnification is or might reasonably be considered to be provided,
such person or company (the “Indemnified Party”) will notify the Corporation as soon as possible of the nature of such
Claim (but the omission so to notify the Corporation of any potential Claim shall not relieve the Corporation from any liability
which they may have to any Indemnified Party and any omission so to notify the Corporation of any actual Claim shall affect
the Corporation’s liability only to the extent that the Corporation is materially prejudiced by that failure). The Corporation
shall assume the defence of any suit brought to enforce such Claim, provided, however, that
(i) the defence shall be conducted through legal counsel acceptable to the Indemnified Party, acting reasonably, and
(ii) no settlement of any such Claim or admission of liability may be made by the Corporation without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party, acting reasonably, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of
the Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and does not include a statement as to or
an admission of fault, culpability or failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party.
(c) Right of Indemnity in Favour of Others
With respect to any Indemnified Party who is not a party to this Agreement, the Agents shall obtain and hold the rights and
benefits of this Section 11 in trust for and on behalf of such Indemnified Party.
(d) Retaining Counsel
In any such Claim, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain one separate counsel to act on his or its behalf,
provided that the fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be paid by the Indemnified Party unless: (i) the Corporation
and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed in writing to the retention of the other counsel; (ii) the named parties to
any such Claim (including any added third or impleaded party) include both the Indemnified Party and the Corporation and
the Indemnified Party shall have been advised in writing by counsel to the Indemnified Party that the representation of both
parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to an actual or potential conflict of interest between the Corporation
and the Indemnified Party; or (iii) the Corporation shall not have retained counsel within seven Business Days following
receipt by the Corporation of notice of any such Claim from the Indemnified Party; provided that the Corporation shall not be
responsible for the fees or expenses of more than one legal firm in any single jurisdiction for all of the Indemnified Parties.
2412. Contribution
(a) Rights of Contribution
In order to provide for a just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity provided in Section 11
would otherwise be available in accordance with its terms but is, for any reason, held to be unavailable to or unenforceable
by the Agents or enforceable otherwise than in accordance with its terms, the Corporation and the Agents shall contribute to
the aggregate of all claims, expenses, costs and liabilities and all losses (other than loss of profits) of a nature contemplated
by Section 11 in such proportions so that the Agents shall be responsible for the portion represented by the percentage that
the aggregate Agents’ Fee hereunder bears to the aggregate offering price of the Offered Shares being sold by the
Corporation and the Corporation shall be responsible for the balance, whether or not they have been sued together or sued
separately, provided, however, that (i) the Agents shall not in any event be liable to contribute, in the aggregate, any
amounts in excess of the aggregate Agents’ Fee actually received by the Agents from the Corporation under this Agreement;
(ii) each Agent shall not in any event be liable to contribute, individually, any amount in excess of such Agents’ portion of
the aggregate Agents’ Fee actually received from the Corporation under this Agreement; and (iii) no party who has engaged
in any fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, wilful misconduct or negligence shall be entitled to claim contribution from any
person who has not engaged in such fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, wilful misconduct or negligence.
(b) Rights of Contribution in Addition to Other Rights
The rights to contribution provided in this Section 12 shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other right to
contribution which the Agents may have by statute or otherwise at law.
(c) Right of Contribution in Favour of Others
With respect to this Section 12, the Corporation acknowledges and agrees that the Agents are contracting on their own
behalf and as agents for their affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents.
For purposes of this Section 12, each person, if any, who controls an Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the U.S.
Securities Act or Section 20 of the U.S. Exchange Act and each Agents’ affiliates and selling agents shall have the same
rights to contribution as such Agent and each person, if any, who controls the Corporation within the meaning of Section 15
of the U.S. Securities Act or Section 20 of the U.S. Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the
Corporation. The Agents’ respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 12 are several in proportion to the
percentages of Agents’ Fee set forth opposite their respective names in Section 5(a) hereof and not joint.
25(d) Remedy Not Exclusive
The remedies provided for in this Section 12 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise
be available to any party at law or in equity.
13. Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, it shall be deemed not to affect or impair the
validity of any other provision of this Agreement and such void or unenforceable provision shall be severable from this Agreement.
14. Expenses
(a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be completed, all expenses of or incidental to the
issue, sale and delivery of the Offered Shares and all expenses of or incidental to all other matters in connection with the
offering of the Offered Shares shall be borne by the Corporation including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of
all legal counsel to the Corporation (including U.S., foreign and local counsel), all fees and disbursements of the
Corporation’s accountants and auditors, all expenses related to road shows and marketing activities, all printing costs
incurred in connection with the offering of the Offered Shares, including certificates, if any, representing the Offered Shares,
all filing fees, all fees and expenses relating to listing the Offered Shares on any exchanges, all transfer agent fees and
expenses, and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Agents incurred in connection with the offering of the Offered
Shares, including without limitation the fees of Canadian counsel to the Agents which shall not exceed $50,000 (not including
applicable taxes and disbursements and $10,000 USD plus tax and disbursements for U.S. Counsel), and any advertising,
printing, courier, telecommunications, data search, presentation, travel and other expenses incurred by the Agents together
with all related taxes (including, without limitation, provincial sales taxes and HST).
(b) All expenses payable by the Corporation to the Agent in accordance with this Agreement shall be payable whether or not the
Offering is completed.
15. Survival of Representations and Warranties
The representations, warranties, obligations and agreements of the Corporation contained in this Agreement and in any certificate delivered
pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with the purchase and sale of the Offered Shares shall survive the payment by the Agents for the
Offered Shares, if any, and the distribution of the Offered Shares, and shall continue in full force and effect unaffected by the termination of the
Agents’ obligations and shall not be limited or prejudiced by any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents in connection with the
distribution of the Offered Shares.
2616. Entire Agreement
This Agreement, including any schedules hereto, represents the entire agreement of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and
there are no representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements relating to the subject matter hereof except as stated or referred to herein.
This Agreement shall not be amended or varied in its terms by oral agreement or by representations or otherwise except by instrument in writing
executed by the duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto or their respective successors or assigns. It is understood that the terms and
conditions of this Agreement supersede any previous verbal or written agreement between the Agents and the Corporation relating to the subject
matter hereof.
17. Amendment
No modification or amendment to this Agreement may be made unless agreed upon by the Corporation and the Agents in writing.
18. Assignment and Enurement
No party may transfer or assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties and any
transfer or assignment or purported transfer or assignment in contravention of this Section 18 shall be void and without force or effect. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall enure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
19. Time
Time is of the essence in the performance of the parties’ respective obligations under this Agreement.
20. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada
applicable in the Province of Ontario.
21. Notice
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any notice or other communication to be given under this Agreement (a “ notice”) shall be
in writing addressed as follows:
If to the Corporation, addressed and sent to:
Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc.
151 Steeles Avenue East
Milton, Ontario
L9T 1Y1
Attention: Rob Harris
Facsimile No.: 519.434.4382
e-mail: rob.harris@tributepharma.com
27with a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):
Fogler, Rubinoff LLP
77 King Street West
Suite 3000, P.O. Box 95
TD Centre North Tower
Toronto, Ontario M5K 1G8
Attention: Eric Roblin
Facsimile No.: 416.941.8852
e-mail: eroblin@foglers.com
to the Agents at:
Dundee Securities Ltd.
1 Adelaide Street East, Suite 2000
Toronto, Ontario M5C 2V9
Attention: Aaron Unger
Facsimile No.: 416.849.1380
e-mail: aunger@dundeecapitalmarkets.com
Kes 7 Capital Inc.
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 2102
Toronto, Ontario
M4W 1A8
Attention: Marc Lustig
e-mail: marcl@kes7capital.com
Bloom Burton & Co. Ltd.
65 Front Street West
Suite 300
Toronto, Ontario
M5E 1B5
Attention: Jolyon Burton
Facsimile No.: 416.640.7573
e-mail: jburton@bloomburton.com
with a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):
Dentons Canada LLP
77 King Street West, Suite 400, TD Centre
Toronto, Ontario M5K 0A1
28Attention: Andrew Elbaz
Facsimile No.: 416.863.4592
email: andrew.elbaz@dentons.com
or to such other address as any of the parties may designate by giving notice to the others in accordance with this Section 21. Each notice shall be
personally delivered to the addressee or sent by fax or e-mail to the addressee. A notice which is personally delivered or delivered by fax or e-mail
shall, if delivered prior to 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on a Business Day, be deemed to be given and received on that day and, in any other case, be
deemed to be given and received on the first Business Day following the day on which it is delivered.
22. Authority of the Lead Agent
The Lead Agent is hereby authorized by each of the other Agents to act on its behalf, except in respect of any consent to a settlement pursuant to
Section 11(b) which consent shall be given by the Indemnified Party, a notice of termination pursuant to Section 10 which notice may be given by
any of the Agents, or any waiver pursuant to Section 10(d), which waiver must be signed by all of the Agents.
23. Agents as Trustee
The Corporation acknowledges and agrees that it is the intention of the parties to this Agreement and the Corporation hereby constitutes the
Agents as trustees for each of the Subscribers in respect of each of the representations and warranties of the Corporation contained in this
Agreement and the Agents shall be entitled, as trustees, in addition to any rights of the Subscribers, to enforce such representations and
warranties on behalf of the Subscribers.
24. Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed by the parties to this Agreement in counterpart and may be executed and delivered by facsimile and all such
counterparts and facsimiles shall together constitute one and the same agreement.
[The remainder of this page has been left blank intentionally.]
29If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding and is agreed to by you, please signify your acceptance by executing the enclosed
copies of this letter where indicated below and returning the same to the Lead Agent upon which this letter as so accepted shall constitute an
Agreement among us.
Yours very truly,
DUNDEE SECURITIES LTD.
By: /s/ Aaron Unger
Name: Aaron Unger
Title: Managing Director
KES 7 CAPITAL INC.
By: /s/ Mark Christensen
Name: Mark Christensen
Title: President and CEO
BLOOM BURTON & CO. LTD.
By: /s/ Jolyon Burton
Name: Jolyon Burton
Title: CEO
30The foregoing offer is accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written.
TRIBUTE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
By: /s/ Rob Harris
Name: Rob Harris
Title: President and CEO
31
SCHEDULE A
COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED STATES SECURITIES LAWS
As used in this Schedule and related exhibits, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:
(a) “Accredited Investors” means institutions that are “accredited investors” meeting the criteria set forth in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D;
(b) “Directed Selling Efforts” means “directed selling efforts” as that term is defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S, which,
without limiting the foregoing, but for greater clarity in this Schedule, includes, subject to the exclusions from the definition
of directed selling efforts contained in Regulation S, any activity undertaken for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be
expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the United States for any of the Offered Shares and includes the
placement of any advertisement in a publication with a general circulation in the United States that refers to the offering of
the Offered Shares;
(c) “Foreign Issuer” means “foreign issuer” as that term is defined in Rule 902(e) of Regulation S;
(d) “General Solicitation” and “General Advertising” means “general solicitation” and “general advertising”, respectively, as
used in Rule 502(c) of Regulation D, including advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any
newspaper, magazine or similar media or the internet or broadcast over radio or television or the internet, or any seminar or
meeting whose attendees had been invited by general solicitation or general advertising;
(e) “Offshore Transaction” means an “offshore transaction” as that term is defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S;
(f) “Regulation D” means Regulation D adopted by the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act;
(g) “Regulation S” means Regulation S adopted by the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act;
(h) “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;
(i) “Substantial U.S. Market Interest” means “substantial U.S. market interest” as that term is defined in Rule 902(j) of
Regulation S;
(j) “U.S. Affiliate” of any Lead Agent means the U.S. registered broker-dealer affiliate of the Lead Agent;
(k) “U.S. Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder; and
(l) “U.S. Subscriber” means a Subscriber located in the United States, who was offered Offered Shares in the United States,
who originated their purchase at or from the United States or who executes a Subscription Agreement while in the United
States.All other capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Schedule shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agency Agreement to
which this Schedule is attached.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Corporation
The Corporation represents, warrants, covenants and acknowledges to and with the Agents and the U.S. Affiliates that:
1. The Corporation is a Foreign Issuer and reasonably believes that there is no Substantial U.S. Market Interest with respect to the common
shares of the Corporation.
2. The Corporation is not, and after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds as contemplated hereby, will not be,
required to register as an “investment company” as such term is defined under the United States Investment Corporation Act of 1940 ,
as amended.
3. Except with respect to offers and sales to Accredited Investors identified by the Agents in reliance upon Regulation D, none of the
Corporation, its affiliates, or any person acting on any of their behalf (other than the Agents, the U.S. Affiliates, any members of the
banking and selling group formed by them, or any person acting on any of their behalf, as to whom the Corporation makes no
representation, warranty, covenant or acknowledgment), has made or will make: (A) any offer to sell, or any solicitation of an offer to buy,
any Offered Shares to a person in the United States; or (B) any sale of Offered Shares unless, at the time the buy order was or will have
been originated, the Subscriber is (i) outside the United States, or (ii) the Corporation, its affiliates, and any person acting on any of their
behalf reasonably believe that the Subscriber is outside the United States.
4. None of the Corporation, its affiliates, or any person acting on any of their behalf (other than the Agents, the U.S. Affiliates, any
members of the banking and selling group formed by them, or any person acting on any of their behalf, as to whom the Corporation
makes no representation, warranty, covenant or acknowledgment), has engaged or will engage in any Directed Selling Efforts, or has
taken or will take any action that would cause the registration exemption and exclusion afforded by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D or Rule
903 of Regulation S, respectively, to be unavailable for offers and sales of the Offered Shares pursuant to this Agreement.
5. None of the Corporation, any of its affiliates or any person acting on any of their behalf (other than the Agents, the U.S. Affiliates, or
any members of the banking and selling group formed by them, or any person acting on any of their behalf, as to whom the Corporation
makes no representation, warranty, covenant or acknowledgment) has offered or will offer to sell, or has solicited or will solicit offers to
buy, any of the Offered Shares in the United States by means of any form of General Solicitation or General Advertising or in any manner
involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act.
26. For the period commencing six months prior to the date hereof and ending six months following the completion of the Offering, none of
the Corporation, its affiliates, or any person acting on any of their behalf (other than the Agents, the U.S. Affiliates, or any members of
the banking and selling group formed by them, or any person acting on any of their behalf, as to whom the Corporation makes no
representation, warranty, covenant or acknowledgment) has sold, offered for sale or solicited any offer to buy or will sell, offer to sell or
solicit any offer to buy any of the Corporation’s securities in a manner that would be integrated with the offer and sale of the Offered
Shares and would cause the exemption from registration afforded by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D to become unavailable with respect to
the offer and sale of the Offered Shares.
7. Neither the Corporation nor any of its predecessors or affiliates has been subject to any order, judgment, or decree of any court of
competent jurisdiction temporarily, preliminarily or permanently enjoining such person for failure to comply with Rule 503 of Regulation
D.
8. None of the Corporation, its affiliates or any person on any of their behalf (other than the Agents, the U.S. Affiliates, or any members of
the banking and selling group formed by them, or any person acting on any of their behalf, as to whom the Corporation makes no
representation, warranty, covenant or acknowledgment) has taken or will take any action that would constitute a violation of Regulation
M under the U.S. Exchange Act in connection with the Offering.
9. The Corporation will cause a Form D to be filed with the SEC within 15 days of the first sale of the Offered Shares to a U.S. Subscriber,
and will, within the prescribed time periods, prepare and file any other forms or notices required under any state securities laws in
connection with the offer and sale of Offered Shares.
10. With respect to Offered Shares to be offered and sold in reliance on Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, none of the Corporation, any of its
predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Corporation participating in the Offering, any
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Corporation’s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, or
any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the U.S. Securities Act) connected with the Corporation in any capacity at the
time of sale (each, an “Issuer Covered Person” and, together, “Issuer Covered Persons”) is subject to any of the “Bad Actor”
disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D (a “Disqualification Event”), except for a Disqualification Event
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) of Regulation D. The Corporation has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer
Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Corporation has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D, and has furnished to the Agents a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.
11. The Corporation is not aware of any person (other than any Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly)
remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers in connection with the sale of any Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D.
312. The Corporation will notify the Agents, in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer
Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered
Person.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Agents
Each of the Agents represents, warrants, covenants and acknowledges to and with the Corporation that:
1. The Offered Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws and may be offered
and sold only in transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state
securities laws. It has not offered and sold, and will not offer and sell, any Offered Shares except: (a), in case of all Agents, offers and
sales in Offshore Transactions in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; or (b), in the case of the Lead Agent, offers in the United
States to Accredited Investors as permitted by this Agreement. Accordingly, none of the Agent, its affiliates or any persons acting on
any of their behalf, has made or will make (except as permitted in this Agreement): (i) any offer to sell, or any solicitation of an offer to
buy, any Offered Shares to any person in the United States; (ii) any sale of Offered Shares to any Subscriber unless, at the time the buy
order was or will have been originated, the Subscriber was outside the United States, or such Agent, affiliate or person acting on any of
their behalf reasonably believed that such Subscriber was outside the United States.
2. It has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the offer and sale of the Offered Shares, except with
its U.S. Affiliate, any selling group members or with the prior written consent of the Corporation. It shall require its U.S. Affiliate and each
selling group member to agree, for the benefit of the Corporation, to comply with, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that
its U.S. Affiliate and each selling group member complies with, the provisions of this Schedule applicable to the Agent as if such
provisions applied to such U.S. Affiliate and such selling group members.
3. All offers of Offered Shares in the United States shall be made only by the Lead Agent through its U.S. Affiliate, which on the dates of
such offers and subsequent sales by the Corporation was and will be duly registered as a broker-dealer under the U.S. Exchange Act and
under all applicable state securities laws (unless exempt from the registration requirements thereof) and a member of, and in good
standing with, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. The U.S. Affiliate will make all offers and arrange for all sales by the
Corporation of Offered Shares in compliance with all applicable United States federal and state broker-dealer requirements and this
Schedule.
44. None of the Agent, its affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of them, have engaged in any Directed Selling Efforts or have
solicited or will solicit offers to buy, or have offered to sell or will offer to sell, any of the Offered Shares in the United States by any form
of General Solicitation or General Advertising or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the
U.S. Securities Act.
5. Any offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Offered Shares that has been made or will be made in the United States by the Lead
Agent through the U.S. Affiliate was or will be made only to Accredited Investors in transaction that in compliance with Rule 506(b) of
Regulation D and to be exempt from registration under and in compliance with applicable state securities laws.
6. Immediately prior to soliciting any U.S. Subscriber, the Lead Agent, its U.S. Affiliate, their respective affiliates, and any person acting on
behalf of any of them, had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe that each such U.S. Subscriber was an Accredited Investor,
based upon a pre-existing relationship, and at the time of completion of each sale by the Corporation to such U.S. Subscriber, the Lead
Agent, its U.S. Affiliate, their respective affiliates, and any person acting on behalf of any of them will have reasonable grounds to
believe and will believe, that each U.S. Subscriber designated by the Lead Agent or its U.S. Affiliate to purchase Offered Shares from the
Corporation is an Accredited Investor.
7. Prior to arranging for any sale by the Corporation of Offered Shares to U.S. Subscribers, the Lead Agent shall cause each such U.S.
Subscriber to duly complete and execute a Subscription Agreement to be used for U.S. Subscribers.
8. At least one business day prior to the Closing Date, the transfer agent for the Corporation will be provided with a list of all U.S.
Subscribers.
9. At the Closing Time, the Lead Agent, together with its U.S. Affiliate, will provide a certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit I to this
Schedule A relating to the manner of the offer of the Offered Shares in the United States or will be deemed to have represented and
warranted to the Corporation that neither it nor its U.S. Affiliate has offered or sold Offered Shares in the United States.
10. Prior to arranging any sale by the Corporation of Offered Shares to a U.S. Subscriber, each such person will be informed that the Offered
Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws and are being offered and sold
to such U.S. Subscriber in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D and similar exemptions under applicable state securities laws.
11. None of the Agent, the U.S. Affiliate, or any person acting on its or their behalf has taken or will take any action in violation of
Regulation M under the U.S. Exchange Act in connection with the Offering.
12. Other than Lead Agent and the U.S. Affiliate, it has not made and will not make any offers or sales of Offered Shares in the United States
in connection with the Offering.
513. The Lead Agent represents and warrants that with respect to Offered Shares to be sold in reliance on Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, none
of it, or the U.S. Affiliate, or any of its or the U.S. Affiliate’s directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other
officers participating in the Offering, or any other person associated with the Lead Agent who will receive, directly or indirectly,
remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers of Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (each, a “Dealer Covered Person”
and, together, “Dealer Covered Persons”), is subject to any Disqualification Event (as defined below) except for a Disqualification Event
(i) covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(i) of Regulation D and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Corporation prior to
the date hereof or, in the case of a Disqualification Event occurring after the date hereof, prior to the Closing Date.
14. The Lead Agent represents that it is not aware of any person (other than any Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid
(directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers in connection with the sale of any Offered Shares pursuant to Rule
506(b) of Regulation D. It will notify the Corporation, prior to the Closing Date of any agreement entered into between it and any such
person in connection with such sale.
15. The Lead Agent will notify the Corporation, in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer
Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Corporation in accordance herewith, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of
time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person.
6EXHIBIT 99.3
Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 2 of 60
AGENCY AGREEMENT
This Agency Agreement (“ Agreement”) is made as of April 18, 2018, by and between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and its associated chapter 11 debtors in
possession (collectively, “ Merchant ”),1 on the one hand, and (a) a contractual joint venture comprised of GA Retail, Inc. (“ GA”) and Tiger Capital Group, LLC
(“Tiger” and collectively with GA, the “ Agent ”) and (b) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as the indenture agent and collateral trustee for the 8.00%
second-lien senior secured notes due 2021 (the “ Second-Lien Notes ”) issued by BTDS, on the other hand (in such capacities, the “ Notes Trustee ” and
collectively with Agent, “ Purchaser ”). Purchaser and Merchant are collectively the “ Parties.”
Section 1. Recitals
WHEREAS, on February 4, 2018, the entities comprising Merchant commenced ten voluntary chapter 11 bankruptcy cases (the “ Bankruptcy Cases ”) in
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “ Bankruptcy Court”).
WHEREAS, pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court entered on February 6, 2018 [D.I. 105], the Bankruptcy Cases are being jointly administered
under the caption In re The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., et al., Lead Case No. 18-10248-MFW (Bankr. D. Del.).
WHEREAS, on March 12, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the “ Bidding Procedures Order ”) [D.I. 348] that, among other relief, approved
bidding procedures (the “ Bidding Procedures ”) for and scheduled a hearing (the “ Sale Approval Hearing ”) on the approval of the sale of all or substantially of
Merchant’s assets.
WHEREAS, on March 12, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the “ Final DIP Order”) [D.I. 352] authorizing Merchant to obtain postpetition
secured debtor-in-possession financing on a final basis.
WHEREAS, an ad hoc group of holders of $251,325,000 in principal amount of the Second-Lien Notes (the “ Second Lien Noteholders ”) has issued a
direction to the Notes Trustee to credit bid (the “ Credit Bid”) $125,000,000 of its claims under the indenture governing the Second-Lien Notes (the “ Notes
Claims”) as consideration under this Agreement and the Notes Trustee has made the Credit Bid.
WHEREAS, Merchant operates retail stores and desires that the Agent act as Merchant’s exclusive agent for the purposes of:
(a) selling all of the Merchandise (as hereinafter defined) from Merchant’s retail store locations identified on Exhibit 1(a)(1) attached hereto (each a
“Store” and collectively the “ Stores”) and distribution centers (including e-commerce
1 Merchant consists of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.; The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc. (“ BTDS”); The Bon-Ton Giftco, LLC; Carson Pirie Scott II, Inc.; Bon-
Ton Distribution, LLC; McRIL, LLC; Bonstores Holdings One, LLC; Bonstores Realty One, LLC; Bonstores Holdings Two, LLC; and Bonstores Realty Two,
LLC.Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 3 of 60
facilities) identified on Exhibit 1(a)(2) attached hereto (each a “ Distribution Center” and collectively, the “ Distribution Centers ”) by means of a
“going out of business,” “store closing,” “sale on everything,” “everything must go,” or similar sale as described further below (the “ GOB
Sale”), with the nature and manner of advertising the GOB Sale being in Agent’s sole discretion, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the Sale Guidelines and Approval Order (each as defined below);
(b) marketing and selling, or otherwise designating the purchasers of, the furniture, furnishings, trade fixtures, machinery, equipment, office
supplies, Supplies (as defined below), conveyor systems, racking, rolling stock, and other tangible personal property (collectively, “ FF&E”)
owned by Merchant, wherever located (“ Owned FF&E”);
(c) designating the assignees of any or all of Merchant’s unexpired leases of non-residential real property (together with all amendments,
extensions, modifications, and other material documents related thereto, each a “ Lease” and all such Leases collectively, the “ Leases ”) and
executory contracts (together with all amendments, extensions, modifications, and other material documents related thereto, each a “ Contract”
and all such Contracts collectively, the “ Contracts ”), in each case excluding any Leases or Contracts that may be rejected as permitted and in
accordance with the procedures under the Approval Order (defined below) and subject to the assumption and assignment procedures to be
incorporated into the Approval Order;
(d) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers and/or assignees of any or all real property owned by Merchant (the
“Owned Real Estate”), including but not limited to the real property identified on Exhibit 1(d) annexed hereto;
(e) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers, assignees, and/or licensees of any or all intellectual property owned by
Merchant (the “ Intellectual Property ”), including but not limited to the intellectual property identified on Exhibit 1(e) annexed hereto, provided
that, the disposition of any Intellectual Property that would result in the sale or lease of personally identifiable information (as such term is
defined in section 101(41A) of the Bankruptcy Code) shall be subject to a determination made by a consumer privacy ombudsman appointed in
Merchant’s chapter 11 cases; and
(f) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers, licensees, and/or assignees of any or all of Merchant’s other real and
tangible and intangible personal property (the “ Other Assets ” and, collectively with the Merchandise, the Owned FF&E, all Leases, all
Contracts, the Owned Real Estate, and the Intellectual Property, the “ Assets ”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets include but are
not limited to all cash on hand and in the Debtors’ retail store locations, cash in transit, cash in bank accounts, Merchant’s interest in and rights
with respect to cash posted as collateral for letters of credit, receivables (including
2Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 4 of 60
credit card receivables), deposits, security deposits, credit card processing float, proceeds of retail sales in all of the Debtors’ retail store
locations from and after the date of this Agreement to the extent not used to pay down the DIP Obligations (as defined in the Final DIP Order),
claims and causes of action arising under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code and similar state law (“ Avoidance Actions ”), and all other claims
and causes of action, including but not limited to commercial tort claims, based on facts and circumstances existing as of the Closing, whether
or not theretofore discovered or asserted (“ Other Causes of Action ”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Assets shall not include (a) the
Consulting Agreement by and between Merchant and a joint venture comprised of Hilco Merchant Resources, LLC and Gordon Brothers Retail
Partners, LLC (the “ Phase 1 Consultant ”), dated January 29, 2018 (the “ Phase 1 Liquidation Agreement ”), which shall not be subject to the
Lease/Contract Designation Rights (as defined below) or otherwise assumed by Purchaser or (b) the proceeds from the sale of Additional
Agent Goods (as defined in the Phase 1 Liquidation Agreement) pursuant to the Phase 1 Liquidation Agreement, other than the “Additional
Agent Goods Fee” due to Merchant under the Phase 1 Liquidation Agreement. Merchant shall not reject or amend the Phase 1 Liquidation
Agreement without the express written consent of Purchaser. For the avoidance of doubt, all Net Proceeds, less the Consulting Fee, plus the
Additional Agent Goods Fee (each as defined in the Phase 1 Liquidation Agreement) shall constitute Assets under this Agreement and shall
be remitted to Purchaser pursuant to the terms hereof.
WHEREAS, the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors appointed in the Bankruptcy Cases (the “ Committee”) filed an adversary proceeding (the
“Adversary Proceeding ”) on March 29, 2018 seeking, among other relief, to avoid certain liens securing the Notes Claims.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Purchase Price (defined below) and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the
Parties hereby agree as follows:
Section 2. Appointment of Agent/Approval Order. Consistent with the Bidding Procedures and as soon as practicable after full execution of this Agreement,
Merchant shall file in the Bankruptcy Cases a proposed form of order (the “ Approval Order”) in a form reasonably satisfactory to Merchant and Purchaser. At the
Sale Approval Hearing, Merchant shall seek entry of the Approval Order as the “Sale Order,” as that term is used in the Bidding Procedures Order. The Approval
Order shall, among other things:
(a) find that:
(i) this Agreement is in the best interest of Merchant, its estate and creditors, and other parties in interest
(ii) the Parties entered into this Agreement in good faith pursuant to Section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy Code and without collusion as
described in Section 363(n) of the Bankruptcy Code;
3Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 5 of 60
(iii) time is of the essence in effectuating this Agreement and proceeding with the GOB Sale at the Stores uninterrupted;
(iv) Merchant’s decisions to (a) enter into this Agreement and (b) perform its obligations under this Agreement are a reasonable
exercise of Merchant’s sound business judgment consistent with its fiduciary duties and is in the best interests of Merchant, its
estate, its creditors, and other parties in interest; and
(v) this Agreement was negotiated in good faith and at arms’ length and Purchaser is entitled to the protection of section 363(m) and
364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code; and
(b) order, adjudge, and decree that:
(i) this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated hereby are approved in their entirety;
(ii) the Parties are authorized to continue to take any and all actions as may be necessary or desirable to implement this Agreement
and each of the transactions contemplated hereby;
(iii) following the occurrence of the closing under this Agreement, which shall occur no later than April 19, 2018 (the “ Closing”),
subject to payment of the Cash Purchase Price (as defined below) and Purchaser’s compliance with its other obligations
hereunder, Agent shall have the exclusive right to market and sell, and/or otherwise designate the purchasers, licensees, and/or
assignees of, any or all of the Assets free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances thereon without further order of the
Bankruptcy Court;
(iv) the sale, license, transfer, or other conveyance of any Assets (other than the Assets being sold pursuant to the GOB Sale, as to
which no further notice shall be required) reflected in notices filed in the Bankruptcy Cases from time to time by the Agent,
substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2(b)(iv) (each an “ Asset Designation Notice ”), shall be automatically effective
on the date reflected in the applicable Asset Designation Notice and subject to the satisfaction of any closing conditions
reflected therein, and the sale or other conveyance of such Assets shall be free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances
without further order of the Bankruptcy Court, provided, however , that nothing in the Approval Order shall inhibit the ability of
Agent to seek other or further orders of the Court in connection with the sale or other disposition of any Assets;
(v) the form of Asset Designation Notice is approved;
4Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 6 of 60
(vi) subject to Agent’s compliance with its payment obligations under this Agreement and the Approval Order, Agent is authorized to
execute, in the name of and as agent for Merchant, any and all deeds, bills of sale, and other instruments or documents necessary
to effectuate the sale, transfer, or other conveyance of any of the Assets;
(vii) following the payment of the Cash Purchase Price but subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down
Payment pursuant to the Wind-Down Budget (as defined below), all proceeds (cash or otherwise) of any of the Assets except as
otherwise set forth in this Agreement (“ Proceeds ”), including but not limited to all Proceeds arising from the sale, lease, licensing,
assignment, or other disposition of any of the Assets, shall be the sole property of Purchaser, and Purchaser shall be entitled to
retain all Proceeds for its own account, subject to further distribution among the entities comprising Purchaser pursuant to any
agreements between the entities comprising Purchaser and the Second Lien Noteholders;
(viii) the Wind-Down / Expense Advance shall be deemed held in escrow for the exclusive purpose of paying (1) Expenses (as defined
below) and (2) administrative expenses and other amounts pursuant to and solely as reflected in the Wind-Down Budget
(provided  that such payments may be made from the Wind-Down / Expense Advance as and when due without further order of
the Court or action by any Party), and shall not be used for any other purpose without the express written consent of Agent in its
sole discretion;
(ix) following the occurrence of the Closing, subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down Payment,
Merchant and any trustee appointed in the Bankruptcy Cases or any successor cases thereto shall hold the Assets (other than
the Assets being sold through the GOB Sale and the Wind-Down / Expense Advance) strictly in trust for the benefit of Purchaser
and, as such, the Assets shall not constitute property of Merchant’s bankruptcy estate pursuant to and consistent with 11 U.S.C.
§ 541(b)(1) at any time following the Closing;
(x) following the payment of the Cash Purchase Price but subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down
Payment, any Proceeds received by, or otherwise in the possession of, Merchant at any time shall be segregated and held strictly
in trust for the benefit of Purchaser, shall not be commingled with Merchant’s own assets, and, as such, shall not become
property of Merchant’s bankruptcy estate pursuant to and consistent with 11 U.S.C. §541(b)(1), and shall be paid over to
Purchaser immediately;
(xi) upon the payment of the Cash Purchase Price, and solely to the extent that any Assets or Proceeds are, notwithstanding the
Approval Order,
5Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 7 of 60
subsequently determined to constitute property of Merchant’s estate, but subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and
fund the Wind-Down Payment, Purchaser shall have a senior lien on such Assets and all Proceeds thereof , which lien is deemed
automatically perfected, provided  that nothing in the Approval Order shall inhibit Purchaser’s ability, and the Approval Order
shall expressly authorize Purchaser, to take any action Purchaser deems appropriate to perfect and enforce such lien;
(xii) upon the payment of the Cash Purchase Price and subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down
Payment, until all Assets have been sold or otherwise disposed of, and solely to the extent that any Assets or Proceeds are,
notwithstanding the Approval Order, subsequently determined to constitute property of Merchant’s estate, Purchaser shall have
a superpriority administrative expense claim against Merchant to the extent of any amounts owing from Merchant to Purchaser in
connection with this Agreement, including as a result of any breach of this Agreement and/or as a result of any Proceeds being in
Merchant’s possession;
(xiii) the Lease/Contract Designation Rights are approved, and Purchaser is authorized to designate the assignees of any or all of the
Contracts and Leases pursuant thereto;
(xiv) at any time (i) with respect to any unexpired real estate Lease under which Merchant is lessee, prior to the earlier to occur of (1)
September 2, 2018 and (2) expiration of such Lease by its terms or the rejection thereof, and (ii) with respect to all other Contracts
and Leases, prior to the earlier to occur of (1) December 31, 2018, and (2) rejection thereof (the shortest of the foregoing periods
applicable to a particular Contract or Lease is the “ Designation Rights Period ” applicable to that Contract or Lease), Purchaser
shall have the exclusive right, which right may be exercised at any time and from time to time, to file a notice in the Bankruptcy
Cases (each such notice, a “ Lease/Contract Assumption Notice ”) substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2(b)(xiii)
designating the assignee of any one or more Leases and/or Contracts and setting forth the proposed cure amount due pursuant
to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code (each a “ Cure Amount”);
(xv) the counterparties to the Leases or Contracts identified in any Lease/Contract Assumption Notice shall have twenty-one days to
object to the proposed assumption and assignment;
(xvi) if no objection to the proposed assumption and assignment of a Lease or Contract is timely received, such Lease or Contract
shall, upon payment of the applicable cure payment, if any, to the applicable
6Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 8 of 60
counterparty, automatically be deemed assigned to and assumed by the assignee identified in the Lease/Contract Assumption
Notice pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, without further order of the Bankruptcy Court or further action by any
person or entity;
(xvii) if an objection to the proposed assumption and assignment of a Lease or Contract is timely received, such Lease or Contract shall
not be assumed or assigned until such objection is resolved by agreement of the applicable counterparty or order of the
Bankruptcy Court;
(xviii) the designee under any Lease/Contract Assumption Notice shall be required, if requested by the applicable counterparty, to
provide adequate assurance of future performance with respect to such Lease or Contract if the applicable counterparty so
requests;
(xix) pursuant to section 365(k) of the Bankruptcy Code, neither Merchant nor any other Party shall have any further obligation under
any Lease or Contract after assumption and assignment thereof pursuant to the Lease/Contract Designation Rights;
(xx) in addition to the Lease/Contract Designation Rights, Purchaser shall have the right, upon written notice to Merchant and as
reflected in notices filed in the Bankruptcy Cases from time to time, direct Merchant to reject any Lease or Contract as specified
by Purchaser;
(xxi) at the Closing, all funds held in escrow by Wilmington Trust, National Association (“ WT”) pursuant to that certain Escrow
Agreement dated as of March 5, 2018 by and among the members of Agent, the Second Lien Noteholders, and WT shall be
released at the Closing for application to the Cash Purchase Price;
(xxii) Agent shall have the exclusive right to use the Stores and all other Assets for the purpose of conducting the GOB Sale, free of
any interference from any entity or person, subject to compliance with the Sale Guidelines (as defined below) and Approval
Order;
(xxiii) Agent, as the exclusive agent for Merchant, is authorized to conduct, advertise, post signs, utilize sign-walkers, and otherwise
promote the GOB Sale as a “going out of business”, “store closing”, “sale on everything”, “everything must go”, or similar
themed sale, in accordance with the Sale Guidelines (as the same may be modified and approved by the Bankruptcy Court),
subject to compliance with the Sale Guidelines, the Approval Order, and all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations
and ordinances, including, without limitation, all laws and regulations relating to advertising, privacy, consumer protection,
occupational health and safety and the environment, together with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations and
7Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 9 of 60
orders of, and applicable restrictions imposed by, governmental authorities (collectively, the “ Applicable General Laws”), other
than  all applicable laws, rules and regulations in respect of “going out of business”, “store closing” or similar-themed sales and
permitting (collectively, the “Liquidation Sale Laws”);
(xxiv) Agent is authorized to conduct the GOB Sale notwithstanding any Liquidation Sale Laws;
(xxv) so long as the GOB Sale is conducted in accordance with the Sale Guidelines and the Approval Order and in a safe and
professional manner, Purchaser shall be deemed to be in compliance with any Applicable General Laws;
(xxvi) Agent is granted a limited license and right to use all Intellectual Property for purposes of conducting the GOB Sale and otherwise
marketing any or all of the Assets;
(xxvii) unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, all newspapers and other advertising media in which the GOB Sale is
advertised shall be directed to accept the Approval Order as binding and to allow the Parties to consummate the transactions
provided for in this Agreement, including, without limitation, conducting and advertising the GOB Sale in the manner
contemplated by this Agreement;
(xxviii) unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, all utilities, landlords, creditors, and other interested parties and all persons
acting for or on their behalf shall not interfere with or otherwise impede the conduct of the GOB Sale, or institute any action in any
forum other than the Bankruptcy Court that in any way directly or indirectly interferes with or obstructs or impedes the conduct
of the GOB Sale;
(xxix) the Bankruptcy Court retains exclusive jurisdiction over the enforcement and interpretation of, and over and all matters arising
from, this Agreement;
(xxx) Merchant is directed to provide weekly reporting to Agent of all amounts expended for Expenses and pursuant to the Wind-Down
Budget;
(xxxi) Merchant shall make its books and records available to Purchaser at all times;
(xxxii) Purchaser shall not be liable for any claims against Merchant except as expressly provided for in this Agreement;
8Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 10 of 60
(xxxiii) all payments made by Merchant from the Wind-Down Payment shall be made pursuant to, and solely in accordance with, the
Wind-Down Budget;
(xxxiv) Purchaser shall neither have nor incur any obligation to advance or fund any amounts to or for Merchant except as set forth in
this Agreement and the Wind-Down Budget;
(xxxv) any amendment to or other modification of the Wind-Down Budget shall only be effective upon approval by Purchaser in its sole
discretion;
(xxxvi) Agent is authorized to sell the Additional Agent Merchandise on the terms set forth herein, subject to the Sale Guidelines;
(xxxvii) following the occurrence of the Closing, the Adversary Proceeding is deemed dismissed with prejudice;
(xxxviii) following the occurrence of the Closing, neither the Debtor nor any other entity acting on its behalf or as its successor (including
but not limited to the Committee and any chapter 7 or 11 trustee) may recover from the Notes Trustee or any holders of Second-
Lien Notes any costs or expenses of preserving, or disposing of, any of the collateral securing Merchant’s obligations under the
Indenture and the Second-Lien Notes pursuant to section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code;
(xxxix) Purchaser and its designees are granted derivative standing to pursue the Avoidance Actions (subject to section 11.2(f) below)
and Other Causes of Action in the name of and/or on behalf of Merchant;
(xl) in the event any of the provisions of the Approval Order are modified, amended or vacated by a subsequent order of the
Bankruptcy Court or any other court, Purchaser shall be entitled to the protections provided in Bankruptcy Code sections 363(m)
and 364(e) and, no such appeal, modification, amendment or vacatur shall affect the validity and enforceability of the GOB Sale or
the liens or priority authorized or created under this Agreement or the Approval Order;
(xli) neither Purchaser nor any entity comprising Purchaser is or shall be a mere continuation of Merchant or otherwise subject to
successor liability in connection with any of the Assets;
(xlii) upon receipt by the DIP Administrative Agent (as defined in the Final DIP Order) and certain other persons as directed in the
Payoff Letter (as defined below) of the DIP Payoff (as defined below) pursuant to Section 3.1(a) of this Agreement, all ongoing
commitments under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined in the Final DIP Order) shall be canceled and terminated;
9Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 11 of 60
(xliii) to the extent Purchaser has not designated the purchaser or other assignee of any Assets (the “ Residual Assets ”) as of
December 31, 2018 (as may be extended by written agreement of the Parties, the “ Designation Rights Termination Date ”), (1)
ownership of all cash (on hand, in the bank, in transit, or otherwise), credit card processing float, accounts receivable, notes
receivable, credit card receivables, other receivables, deposits, security deposits, proceeds of retail sales in all of the Debtors’
retail store locations, rights to refunds, other rights to payment, and Intellectual Property comprising Residual Assets shall vest in
Purchaser or its nominee and (2) ownership of all other Residual Assets shall revert to the Debtors’ estates, each on the
Designation Rights Termination Date; and
(xliv) this Agreement, the Approval Order, and all provisions hereof and thereof are binding on any successor to Merchant, including
but not limited to any chapter 7 or chapter 11 trustee, and subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-
Down Payment, any such successor shall continue to hold all Assets and Proceeds strictly in trust for the benefit of Purchaser.
Section 3. Consideration to Merchant and Agent.
3.1 Purchase Price. The aggregate consideration being provided to Merchant in exchange for Purchaser’s rights and Merchant’s obligations under this
Agreement is as follows (collectively, the “ Purchase Price ), which shall be allocated among the Assets in accordance with Purchaser’s bid letter dated April 4,
2018:
(a) Cash Purchase Price . At the Closing and subject to the receipt of a payoff letter (the “ Payoff Letter”) in form and substance satisfactory to the
DIP Administrative Agent, Agent shall (i) pay to the DIP Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the DIP Lenders, and certain other persons as directed in the
Payoff Letter, the amount in cash (the “ DIP Payoff”) necessary to (1) indefeasibly pay the Pay-Off Amount ( plus any Per Diem Interest) (as each such term is
defined in the Payoff Letter), which amount shall include all DIP Obligations, including, without limitation, all outstanding principal, accrued interest, fees
(including, without limitation, the outstanding Pre-Petition Tranche A Prepayment Premium and the Pre-Petition Specified Tranche A-1 Prepayment Premium (as
each such term is defined in the DIP Credit Agreement)), costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses), (2) cash
collateralize outstanding letters of credit in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement, and (3) fund the DIP Indemnity Account in accordance with Paragraph 36
of the Final DIP Order, (ii) fund the Carve Out Account in the amount of $15,800,000 in accordance with the last two sentences of Paragraph 39(c) of the Final DIP
Order to be held in escrow in the trust account of Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP, all as set forth in the Payoff Letter, and (iii) pay $3,000,000 to Merchant
to provide liquidity for outstanding checks. Together, items (i), (ii), and (iii) are the “Cash Purchase Price .” The Payoff Letter shall contain a release from each of
the Merchant, the Agent and the Prepetition Second Lien Parties in favor of the DIP Lenders. Each capitalized term used but not defined in this Section 3.1(a)
shall have the meaning set forth in the Final DIP Order.
10Case
18-10248-MFW
Doc
632-1
Filed
04/18/18
Page
12 of 60
(b) Credit Bid. At the Closing, pursuant to the Credit Bid and as provided in the Approval Order, $125,000,000 of Notes Claims shall be deemed
offset and exchanged for Purchaser’s rights and Merchant’s obligations under this Agreement.
(c) Wind-Down Funding. Subject to the occurrence of the Closing, in addition to the Cash Purchase Price and the Credit Bid, Agent shall pay cash
from the Proceeds of the Assets (or, solely to the extent the Proceeds are not available, funds provided by Agent) to Merchant from time to time after the Closing
(the “ Wind-Down Payment”), in the amount of $93,800,000 (the “ Wind-Down Cap”) for the purpose of paying certain administrative expenses of Merchant’s
bankruptcy estate as set forth in the Wind-Down Budget (as defined below). Payments from the Wind-Down Payment for Wind-Down Services are subject to and
to be used solely as set forth in the budget and schedule attached as Exhibit 3.1(c) hereto (as may be amended from time to time by agreement of the Parties,
subject to approval by Purchaser in its sole discretion and, solely with respect to compensation of the Committee’s professionals, 503(b)(9) Claims, and Stub Rent
Claims (each as defined below), subject to approval by the Committee, the “ Wind-Down Budget”). Merchant shall provide Purchaser with a register of all checks
and ACH/wire transfers Merchant intends to issue pursuant to the Wind-Down Budget at least one business day before issuance, which register shall identify
the payees, amounts, and expense categories of such payments. If so requested by Purchaser, Merchant shall, to the extent commercially feasible, (i) establish
separate bank accounts for specific categories of expenses identified in the Wind-Down Budget (the “ Wind-Down Accounts ”), (ii) deposit the portions of the
Wind-Down Payment allocable to categories for which Wind-Down Accounts have been established into such accounts, and (iii) not pay from any Wind-Down
Account any amounts other than the administrative expenses reflected in the Wind-Down Budget for the applicable category. Any portion of the Wind-Down
Payment that has not been expended by Merchant as of the Designation Rights Termination Date shall revert and be returned to Purchaser upon the dismissal or
conversion of Merchant’s chapter 11 bankruptcy cases or the effective date of a plan of liquidation of Merchant. Any costs incurred by Merchant in connection
with providing the Wind-Down Services (as defined below) shall be subject to the Wind-Down Budget and subject to the Wind-Down Cap and Merchant shall
have no obligation to provide such Wind-Down Services unless the cost to do so is included in the Wind-Down Budget or provided for as an Expense.
(d) Wind-Down / Expense Advance . As necessary from time to time on or before April 28, 2018, Agent shall advance (including through retention of
Proceeds by Merchant) to Merchant the aggregate sum of $50,000,000 (the “ Wind-Down / Expense Advance ”) solely for payment of (i) Expenses (as defined
below) and (ii) administrative expenses reflected in the Wind-Down Budget, as and when due. Any payment from the Wind-Down / Expense Advance (a) of
expenses reflected in the Wind-Down Budget shall be credited against the Wind-Down Payment and (b) of Expenses shall constitute a payment of Expenses by
Agent. The Wind-Down / Expense Advance shall, to the extent commercially feasible, be held in a segregated account and shall not be used for payment of any
amounts other than as set forth in this paragraph 3.1(d).
(e) Expenses. After the Closing, Agent shall be responsible for the payment of all Expenses pursuant to Section 4.1 below.
(f) Assumption of Certain Claims.
11Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 13 of 60
(i) Upon the occurrence of the Closing, Agent shall assume the obligation to pay (a) $2,000,000 (the “ 503(b)(9) Cap”) on account of
claims against Merchant under section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code (“ 503(b)(9) Claims”) and (b) $8,000,000 (the “ Stub Rent Cap ”) on account of claims
against Merchant on account of stub rent (“ Stub Rent ”). An amount equal to the sum of the 503(b)(9) Cap and the Stub Rent Cap shall be placed into a
segregated account established by Agent to be held in trust for the benefit of holders of 503(b)(9) Claims and Stub Rent Claims. To the extent the sum of all
allowed Stub Rent Claims or 503(b)(9) Claims, as the case may be, exceeds the Stub Rent Cap or the 503(b)(9) Cap, as applicable, such claims shall be paid pro rata
up to, and subject to, the Stub Rent Cap or the 503(b)(9) Cap, as applicable. All payments by Agent on account of Stub Rent Claims and 503(b)(9) Claims shall be
paid directly to the applicable claimants and shall be credited against the Wind-Down Payment.
(ii) Within ten days after entry of the Approval Order, Merchant shall file and serve upon each known trade creditor and landlord
identified in Merchant’s books and records as holding a 503(b)(9) Claim and/or a Stub Rent Claim a notice identifying such entity’s respective 503(b)(9) Claim or
Stub Rent Claim (the “Creditor Notice”). Each recipient of a Creditor Notice shall have twenty days to file with the Bankruptcy Court and serve upon Merchant,
Purchaser, and the Committee a response to such Creditor Notice identifying with specificity any dispute regarding such entity’s 503(b)(9) Claim and/or Stub Rent
Claim. If no response is timely filed by a recipient of a Creditor Notice, the amount and priority of the 503(b)(9) Claim and/or Stub Rent Claim identified on such
Creditor Notice shall be binding and conclusive upon the holder thereof, and such holder shall thereafter be barred from objecting to such amount and priority. If
a recipient of a Creditor Notice timely files a response thereto, Merchant and Agent, in consultation with the Committee, shall use best efforts to resolve the
dispute asserted therein, provided  that disputes that cannot be resolved within ten days shall be resolved by the Bankruptcy Court at the next scheduled
omnibus hearing thereafter. The actual out-of-pocket costs of preparing, filing, and serving the Creditor Notice shall be paid by Agent as an Expense. Within sixty
days after the entry of the Approval Order, Merchant shall provide Agent with a reconciliation of all of the allowed 503(b)(9) Claims and allowed Stub Rent
Claims. Purchaser shall have no obligation to investigate, assess, object to, or contest the merits of any 503(b)(9) Claims or Stub Rent Claims and is entitled to
rely on the amounts included on such reconciliation.
(iii) This paragraph 3.1(f) shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.
3.2 Consideration to Purchaser .
(a) Proceeds . Upon the payment of the Cash Purchase Price but subject to Agent’s obligations to pay the Expenses and the Wind-Down Payment,
all Proceeds shall be the exclusive property of Purchaser, subject to further distribution among the entities comprising Purchaser pursuant to any agreements
between the entities comprising Purchaser and the Second Lien Noteholders.
(b) Assets and Proceeds Held in Trust . Subject to Section 3.2(a), Merchant shall hold all of the Assets in trust for the benefit of Purchaser. Subject
to Section 3.2(a), any
12Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 14 of 60
Proceeds received by, or otherwise in the possession of, Merchant at any time shall be segregated and held strictly in trust for the benefit of Purchaser, shall not
be commingled with Merchant’s own assets, shall not become property of Merchant’s bankruptcy estate, and shall be paid over to Purchaser immediately. For the
avoidance of doubt, the costs associated with maintaining the Assets available for sale pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by Purchaser either as
Expenses (as defined below) or through the Wind-Down Payment.
(c) Merchant and Purchaser further agree that if at any time, Merchant holds any amounts due to Purchaser under this Agreement, Merchant may, in
its discretion, offset such amounts being held by Merchant against any undisputed amounts due and owing by, or required to be paid by, Purchaser or Agent
hereunder.
(d) Remaining Merchandise . To the extent that there is Merchandise remaining at the Sale Termination Date (the “ Remaining Merchandise ”), such
Remaining Merchandise shall be deemed automatically transferred to Agent free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances. Agent and its affiliates shall be
authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of the Remaining Merchandise with all logos, brand names, and other Intellectual Property intact, and shall be authorized
to advertise the sale of the Remaining Merchandise using the Intellectual Property.
3.3 Proceeds of GOB Sales.
(a) Following the payment of the Cash Purchase Price but subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down Payment, Agent
may (but shall not be required to) establish its own accounts (including without limitation credit card accounts and systems), dedicated solely for the deposit of
the Proceeds of the GOB Sales (the “ GOB Sale Proceeds”) and the disbursement of amounts payable to Agent in connection with the GOB Sales (the “ Agency
Accounts ”), and Merchant shall promptly, upon Agent’s reasonable request, execute and deliver all necessary documents to open and maintain the Agency
Accounts; provided, however, Agent shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to continue to use Merchant’s Designated Deposit Accounts (as
defined below) as the Agency Accounts in which case Merchant’s Designated Deposit Accounts shall be deemed to be Agency Accounts. Agent shall exercise
sole signatory authority and control with respect to the Agency Accounts. The Agency Accounts shall be dedicated solely to the deposit of GOB Sale Proceeds
and other amounts contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the GOB Sale and the distribution of amounts payable hereunder in connection with the
GOB Sale. Merchant shall not be responsible for, and Agent shall pay as an Expense hereunder, all bank fees and charges, including wire transfer charges, related
to the GOB Sale and the Agency Accounts. Upon Agent’s notice to Merchant of Agent’s designation of the Agency Accounts (other than Merchant’s
Designated Deposit Accounts), all GOB Sale Proceeds (including credit card GOB Sale Proceeds) shall be deposited into the Agency Accounts.
(b) Agent shall have the right to use Merchant’s credit card facilities, including Merchant’s credit card terminals and processor(s), credit card
processor coding, Merchant’s identification number(s) and existing bank accounts for credit card transactions relating solely to the GOB Sale. In the event that
Agent elects to use Merchant’s credit card facilities, Merchant shall process credit card transactions on behalf of Agent and for Agent’s account, applying
13Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 15 of 60
customary practices and procedures. Without limiting the foregoing, Merchant shall cooperate with Agent to download data from all credit card terminals each
day during the Sale Term to effect settlement with Merchant’s credit card processor(s), and shall take such other actions necessary to process credit card
transactions on behalf of Agent under Merchant’s identification number(s). At Agent’s request, Merchant shall cooperate with Agent to establish Merchant’s
identification numbers under Agent’s name to enable Agent to process all such credit card GOB Sale Proceeds for Agent’s account. Merchant shall not be
responsible for, and Agent shall pay as an Expense hereunder, all credit card fees, charges, and chargebacks related to the GOB Sale, whether received during or
after the Sale Term. Agent shall not be responsible for, as an Expense or otherwise, any credit card fees, charges, or chargebacks relating to periods prior to the
Closing.
(c) Unless and until Agent establishes its own Agency Accounts (other than Merchant’s Designated Deposit Accounts), all GOB Sale Proceeds
and other amounts contemplated by this Agreement (including credit card GOB Sale Proceeds), shall be collected by Merchant and deposited on a daily basis
into depository accounts designated by, and owned and in the name of, Merchant for the Stores, which accounts shall be designated solely for the deposit of
GOB Sale Proceeds and other amounts contemplated by this Agreement (including credit card GOB Sale Proceeds), and the disbursement of amounts payable to
or by Agent hereunder (the “ Designated Deposit Accounts ”). All funds in the Designated Deposit Accounts shall at all times be held in trust for the benefit of
Purchaser, subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down Payment. The Designated Deposit Accounts shall be cash collateral
accounts, with all cash, credit card payments, checks and similar items of payment, deposits and any other amounts in such accounts being GOB Sale Proceeds
or other amounts contemplated hereunder, and Merchant hereby grants to Purchaser, subject to Agent’s obligation hereunder to fund the Wind-Down Payment
and Expenses, a first priority senior security interest in each Designated Deposit Account and all funds on deposit in such accounts from and after the Closing.
(d) Merchant shall take all actions necessary to designate Agent as an authorized signer on all Designated Deposit Accounts and to grant Agent
the ability to initiate wire transfers from such Designated Deposit Accounts, provided  that Purchaser’s interest in the Designated Deposit Accounts shall be
subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down Payment.
(e) On each business day to the extent practicable, Merchant shall promptly pay to Agent by wire funds transfer all funds in the Designated Deposit
Accounts (including, without limitation, GOB Sale Proceeds, GOB Sale Proceeds from credit card sales, and all other amounts) deposited into the Designated
Deposit Accounts for the prior day(s), subject to Section 3.2(c) above.
Section 4. Expenses.
4.1 Subject to and only upon entry of the Approval Order, in addition to and not subject to the Wind-Down Payment or Wind-Down Cap, Agent shall be
unconditionally responsible for all “Expenses,” which shall be paid by Agent in accordance with Section 4.2
14Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 16 of 60
below. As used herein, “Expenses” shall mean the Store-level operating expenses that arise during the Sale Term, limited to the following:
(a) actual payroll with respect to all Retained Employees used in connection with conducting the GOB Sale for actual days/hours worked at a
Store during the Sale Term as well as payroll for any temporary labor engaged for the GOB Sale during the Sale Term;
(b) any amounts payable by Merchant for benefits for Retained Employees (including FICA, unemployment taxes, workers’ compensation and
healthcare insurance, but excluding Excluded Payroll Benefits) for Retained Employees used in the GOB Sale, in an amount not to exceed 23% of the base payroll
for all Retained Employees (the “Payroll Benefits Cap”);
(c) subject to Section 6.1, the actual Occupancy Expenses categorized on Exhibit 4.1(c) in all cases limited on a per Store, per diem basis not to
exceed the respective aggregate monthly amounts shown on Exhibit 4.1(c);
(d) Retention Bonuses for Retained Employees, as provided for in Section 9.4 below;
(e) advertising and direct mailings relating to the GOB Sale, Store interior and exterior signage and banners, and sign-walkers, in each case
relating to the GOB Sale, including the amounts set forth in section 15.1;
(f) credit card fees, bank card fees, and chargebacks and credit/bank card discounts with respect to Merchandise sold in the GOB Sale;
(g) bank service charges (for Store, corporate accounts, and Agency Accounts), check guarantee fees, and bad check expenses to the extent
attributable to the GOB Sale;
(h) costs for additional Supplies at the Stores necessary to conduct the GOB Sale as and to the extent requested by Agent;
(i) all fees and charges required to comply with applicable laws in connection with the GOB Sale as and to the extent agreed to by Agent;
(j) Store cash theft and other store cash shortfalls in the registers;
(k) all actual costs and expenses associated with Agent’s on-site supervision of the Stores and Distribution Centers, including (but not limited
to) any and all fees, wages, taxes, third party payroll costs and expenses, and deferred compensation of Agent’s field personnel, travel to, from or between the
Stores and Distribution Centers, and out-of-pocket and commercially reasonable expenses relating thereto (including reasonable and documented corporate
travel to monitor and manage the GOB Sale);
(l) postage, courier and overnight mail charges requested by Agent to the extent relating to the GOB Sale;
15Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 17 of 60
(m) third party payroll processing expenses associated with the GOB Sale;
(n) costs of transfers initiated by Agent of Merchandise and Additional Agent Merchandise between and among the Stores and Distribution
Centers during the Sale Term, including delivery and freight costs, it being understood that Agent shall be responsible for coordinating such transfer of
Merchandise;
(o) retention payments for Merchant’s corporate employees in an amount not to exceed $300,000 in the aggregate, subject to agreement of
Merchant and Purchaser in their respective discretion;
(p) to the extent Agent elects to use Merchant’s e-commerce site and related sales platform (“ E-Commerce Platform”), costs of operating the E-
Commerce Platform equal to (i) actual expenses to operate the E-Commerce Platform in an amount equal to $300,000 per week (prorated for partial weeks), plus (ii)
the actual costs of shipping Online Merchandise to customers who purchase such Online Merchandise through the E-Commerce Platform from the Sale
Commencement Date through and including the date that is seven (7) days after Agent provides Merchant with notice of Agent’s intention to discontinue using
the E-Commerce Platform as a sales platform to fulfill customer orders, plus (iii) actual marketing expenses related to the E-Commerce Platform specifically
requested by Agent in writing (including by email) such as, but not limited to, paid search and external advertising; and
(q) compensation of a consumer privacy ombudsman, if one is appointed by the United States Trustee, subject to approval of such
compensation by the Bankruptcy Court.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that any Expense category listed in section 4.1 is also included on Exhibit 4.1(c), Exhibit 4.1(c) shall
control and such Expenses shall not be double counted. There will be no double counting or payment of Expenses to the extent that Expenses appear or are
contained in more than one Expense category.
As used herein, the following terms have the following respective meanings:
(i) “Central Service Expenses” means costs and expenses for Merchant’s central administrative services necessary for the GOB Sale,
including, but not limited to, internal payroll processing, MIS services, cash and inventory reconciliation, data processing and reporting, information technology
updates, functionality, and maintenance, and accounting (collectively, “ Central Services”).
(ii) “Excluded Payroll Benefits” means (i) the following benefits arising, accruing or attributable to the period prior to, during, or after
the Sale Term: (w) vacation days or vacation pay, (x) sick days or sick leave or any other form of paid time off, (y) maternity leave or other leaves of absence and
(z) ERISA coverage and similar contributions and/or (ii) any other benefits in excess of the Payroll Benefits Cap, including, without limitation, any payments due
under the WARN Act.
(iii) “Occupancy Expenses ” means, with respect to the Stores, base rent, percentage rent, HVAC, utilities, CAM, storage costs, real
estate and use taxes, Merchant’s association dues and expenses, utilities expenses, cash register maintenance, routine repairs,
16Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 18 of 60
building maintenance, trash and snow removal, housekeeping and cleaning expenses, local and long-distance telephone and internet/wifi expenses, security
(including, without limitation, security systems, courier and guard service, building alarm service and alarm service maintenance), and rental for furniture, fixtures
and equipment.
(iv) “Third Party” means, with reference to any Expenses to be paid to a Third Party, a party which is not affiliated with or related to
Merchant.
(v) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, “ Expenses” shall not include: (i) Excluded Payroll Benefits;
(ii) Central Service Expenses, (iii) Occupancy Expenses or any occupancy-related expenses of any kind or nature in excess of the respective per Store occupancy-
related amounts expressly provided for as an Expense under Section 4.1(c) above; (iv) any expenses of any kind relating to or arising from Merchant’s home
office, and/or (v) any other costs, expenses or liabilities payable by Merchant not provided for herein, all of which shall be paid solely by Merchant (including
from the Wind-Down Payment, to the extent provided in the Wind-Down Budget).
4.2 Payment of Expenses.
Subject to and only upon entry of the Approval Order, Agent shall be responsible for the payment of all Expenses out of Proceeds (or from Agent’s own
accounts if and to the extent there are insufficient Proceeds). All Expenses incurred during each week of the GOB Sale ( i.e. Sunday through Saturday) shall be
paid by Agent to or on behalf of Merchant, or paid by Merchant and thereafter reimbursed by Agent as provided for herein; provided, however , in the event that
the actual amount of an Expense is unavailable on the date of the reconciliation (such as payroll), Merchant and Agent shall agree to an estimate of such
amounts, which amounts will be reconciled once the actual amount of such Expense becomes available. Agent and/or Merchant may review or audit the Expenses
at any time.
4.3 Distribution Center Expenses
Agent shall be responsible for allocating and designating the shipment of Merchandise from Merchant’s Distribution Centers to the Stores. All costs
and expenses of operating the Distribution Centers, including, but not limited to, use and occupancy expenses, Distribution Center employee payroll and other
obligations, and/or processing, transferring, consolidating, shipping, and/or delivering goods within or from the Distribution Centers (the “ Distribution Center
Expenses”), shall be borne by Agent as an Expense except to the extent provided for in the Wind-Down Budget.
Section 5. Merchandise.
5.1 Merchandise Subject to This Agreement.
(a) “Excluded Goods” means all (1) goods that are not owned by Merchant, including but not limited to goods that belong to sublessees,
licensees, department lessees, or concessionaires of Merchant and (2) goods held by Merchant on memo, on consignment (except to the extent otherwise agreed
by the applicable consignor), or as bailee. Merchant shall be
17Case
18-10248-MFW
Doc
632-1
Filed
04/18/18
Page
19 of 60
solely responsible for the disposition and/or abandonment of all Excluded Goods and all costs, expenses, and obligations associated therewith. Purchaser shall
incur no cost, expense, or obligation in connection with any Excluded Goods.
(b) “Merchandise ” means all goods owned by Merchant for resale as of the occurrence of the Closing, other than Excluded Goods.
(c) “On-line Merchandise ” means all inventory that is both (i) designated for sale through the E-Commerce Platform as of the Sale
Commencement Date and (ii) located in Merchant’s West Jefferson Distribution Center as of the Sale Commencement Date.
5.2 Distribution Center Allocation . Allocation and designation of Merchandise located in the Distribution Centers to the Stores shall be in Agent’s sole
discretion, subject to the Wind-Down Budget.
Section 6. Sale Term.
6.1 Term. Subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 10 hereof, the GOB Sale shall commence at each Store on a date
determined by Agent in its sole discretion after the occurrence of the Closing (the “ Sale Commencement Date”) and shall end at each Store no later than August
31, 2018 (the “Sale Termination Date”, and the period from the Sale Commencement Date to the Sale Termination Date as to each Store being the “ Sale Term”),
provided  that the Sale Commencement Date shall occur no later than April 19, 2018. Agent may, in its discretion, earlier terminate the GOB Sale on a Store-by-
Store basis upon not less than seven (7) days’ prior written notice (a “ Vacate Notice”) to Merchant (the “ Vacate Date”), provided , that it being understood that
Agent’s obligations to pay all Expenses, including Occupancy Expenses, for each Store subject to a Vacate Notice shall continue until the applicable Vacate Date,
provided, however , that, with respect to Occupancy Expenses, Agent’s obligations to pay all Occupancy Expenses for each Store shall continue until the last day
of the calendar month in which the Vacate Date occurs for such Store.
6.2 Vacating the Stores. At the conclusion of the GOB Sale, Agent agrees to leave each Store in “broom clean” condition, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, except for unsold items of Owned FF&E which may be abandoned by Agent in place in a neat and orderly manner pursuant to Section 7 below. Agent
shall vacate each Store on or before the Sale Termination Date as provided for herein, at which time Agent shall surrender and deliver the Store premises, and
Store keys, to Merchant unless the applicable Lease is being conveyed pursuant to the Lease/Contract Designation Rights. Agent’s obligations to pay all
Expenses for the Stores shall continue as provided for in Section 6.1.
Section 7. FF&E.
7.1 Abandonment of FF&E.  Agent shall be authorized to abandon any and all FF&E, whether owned or not by Merchant, in place without any cost or
liability to Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent shall have no responsibility whatsoever with respect to FF&E that is not owned by Merchant, provided  that
nothing in this Section 7 shall limit Agent’s rights with
18Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 20 of 60
respect to Owned FF&E under the Asset Designation Rights or with respect to leased FF&E under the Lease/Contract Designation Rights.
Section 8. Conduct of the GOB Sale.
8.1 Rights of Agent . Subject to entry of the Approval Order, in addition to any other rights granted to Agent elsewhere in this Agreement, Agent shall
be permitted to conduct the GOB Sale as a “going out of business”, “store closing”, “sale on everything”, “everything must go”, or similar themed sale
throughout the Sale Term without compliance with any Liquidation Sale Laws. The Agent shall conduct the GOB Sale in the name of and on behalf of Merchant
in a commercially reasonable manner and in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and subject to the Approval Order. Agent shall conduct the GOB Sale in
accordance with the sale guidelines attached hereto as Exhibit 8.1(the “ Sale Guidelines”). In addition to any other rights granted to Agent hereunder in
conducting the GOB Sale the Agent, in the exercise of its reasonable discretion shall have the right:
(a) to establish Sale prices and discounts and Store hours;
(b) except as otherwise expressly included as an Expense, to use without charge during the Sale Term all FF&E, computer hardware and
software, existing Supplies, intangible assets (including Merchant’s name, logo and tax identification numbers), Store keys, case keys, security codes and safe
and lock combinations required to gain access to and operate the Stores, and any other assets of Merchant located at the Stores (whether owned, leased, or
licensed);
(c) (i) consistent with the Wind-Down Budget, to be provided by Merchant with central office facilities, central administrative services and
personnel to process and perform Central Services and provide other central office services reasonably necessary for the GOB Sale; (ii) to use reasonably sized
offices located at Merchant’s central office facility to effect the GOB Sale; and (iii) to use all customer lists, mailing lists, email lists, and web and social
networking sites utilized by Merchant in connection with its business (to the extent such items can be segregated to the Stores and solely in connection with the
GOB Sale and pursuant to such reasonable restrictions requested by Merchant in order for Merchant to comply with its privacy policy and applicable laws
governing the use and dissemination of confidential consumer personal data);
(d) to establish and implement advertising, signage and promotion programs consistent with the “going out of business”, “store closing”, “sale
on everything”, “everything must go”, or similar themed sale, including without limitation by means of media advertising, and similar interior and exterior signs
and banners, and the use of sign walkers, each at Agent’s expense; and
(e) to transfer Merchandise between and among the Stores and Distribution Centers at Agent’s expense.
8.2 Terms of Sales to Customers; Final/As Is Sales . All sales of Merchandise will be “final sales” and “as is,” and appropriate signage and sales receipts
will reflect the same. Agent
19Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 21 of 60
shall not warrant the Merchandise in any manner, but will, to the extent legally permissible, pass on all manufacturers’ warranties to customers. All sales will be
made only for cash or nationally recognized bank credit cards. Upon entry of the Approval Order, Agent shall not accept or honor coupons during the Sale Term.
The Agent shall clearly mark all receipts for the Merchandise sold at the Stores during the Sale Term so as to distinguish such Merchandise from the goods sold
prior to the Sale Commencement Date. Unless otherwise agreed between Agent and the issuer of Merchant’s private-label credit cards (“ PLCCs”), Agent shall
not accept PLCCs as a form of payment during the Sale.
8.3 Sales Taxes.
(a) During the Sale Term, all sales, excise, gross receipts and other taxes attributable to sales of Merchandise and Additional Agent
Merchandise, as indicated on Merchant’s point of sale equipment (other than taxes on income) payable to any taxing authority having jurisdiction (collectively,
“Sales Taxes”) shall be added to the sales price of Merchandise and Additional Agent Merchandise and collected by Agent, on Merchant’s behalf, at the time of
sale. All Sales Taxes shall be deposited into a segregated account designated by Merchant and Agent solely for the deposit of such Sales Taxes (the “ Sales
Taxes Account ”). Merchant shall prepare and file all applicable reports and documents required by the applicable taxing authorities, and Merchant shall promptly
pay all Sales Taxes from the Sales Taxes Account. Merchant will be given access to the computation of gross receipts for verification of all such tax collections.
Provided that Agent performs its responsibilities in accordance with this Section 8.3, Agent shall have no further obligation to Merchant, any taxing authority, or
any other party, and Merchant shall indemnify and hold harmless Agent from and against any and all costs, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’
fees, assessments, fines or penalties which Agent sustains or incurs as a result or consequence of the failure by Merchant to promptly pay such taxes to the
proper taxing authorities and/or the failure by Merchant to promptly file with such taxing authorities all reports and other documents required by applicable law to
be filed with or delivered to such taxing authorities. If Agent fails to perform its responsibilities in accordance with this Section 8.3, and provided Merchant
complies with its obligations hereunder, Agent shall indemnify and hold harmless Merchant from and against any and all costs, including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys’ fees, assessments, fines or penalties which Merchant sustains or incurs as a result or consequence of the failure by Agent to collect Sales
Taxes and/or the failure by Agent to promptly deliver any and all reports and other documents required to enable Merchant to file any requisite returns with such
taxing authorities.
(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 8.3(a) hereof, it is hereby agreed that, as Agent is conducting the GOB Sale solely as agent for
Merchant, various payments that this Agreement contemplates that one party may make to the other party (including the payment by Agent of the Guaranteed
Amount) do not represent the sale of tangible personal property and, accordingly, are not subject to Sales Taxes.
8.4 Supplies. Agent shall have the right to use, without charge, all existing supplies located at the Stores, Distribution Centers and corporate office(s),
including, without limitation, boxes, bags, paper, twine and similar sales materials (collectively, “ Supplies”). In the event that additional Supplies are required in
any of the Stores during the GOB Sale, Merchant agrees to
20Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 22 of 60
promptly provide the same to Agent, if available, for which Agent shall reimburse Merchant at Merchant’s cost therefor.
8.5 Returns of Merchandise . Agent shall accept returns of goods sold by Merchant prior to the Closing for a period of ten days from and including the
Sale Commencement Date. Thereafter, Agent shall have no obligation to accept returns of goods sold by Merchant prior to the Closing. Agent’s acceptance of
returns shall not impact the Wind-Down Budget or the Wind-Down Cap.
8.6 Gift Certificates & Credits . Agent shall accept Merchant’s gift certificates, gift cards, store credits, return credits, or similar merchandise credits
issued by Merchant (collectively, “ Gift Certificates”) for a period of ten days from and including the Sale Commencement Date. Thereafter, Agent shall have no
obligation to accept Gift Certificates. Agent’s acceptance of Gift Certificates shall not impact the Wind-Down Budget or the Wind-Down Cap.
8.7 Right to Monitor . Merchant shall have the right to monitor the GOB Sale and activities attendant thereto and to be present in the Stores during the
hours when the Stores are open for business; provided that Merchant’s presence does not unreasonably disrupt the conduct of the Sale. Merchant shall also
have a right of access to the Stores at any time in the event of an emergency situation and shall promptly notify Agent of such emergency.
8.8 Sale Reconciliation. On each Wednesday during the Sale Term, Agent and Merchant shall cooperate to reconcile Expenses, make payments/setoffs
on account of the GOB Sale Proceeds and reconcile such other GOB Sale-related items as either party shall reasonably request, in each case for the prior week or
partial week (i.e. Sunday through Saturday), all pursuant to procedures agreed upon by Merchant and Agent (the “ Weekly Sale Reconciliation”). Within thirty
(30) days after the end of the Sale Term, or as soon as practicable thereafter, Agent and Merchant shall complete a final reconciliation of the Sale (the “ Final
Reconciliation”), the written results of which shall be certified by representatives of each of the Merchant and Purchaser as a final settlement of accounts
between the Merchant and Purchaser with respect to the GOB Sale. Within five (5) days after the completion of the Final Reconciliation and execution of a
settlement letter including an appropriate mutual release for the benefit of Merchant and Purchaser, Agent shall pay to Merchant, or Merchant shall pay to
Agent, as the case may be, any and all amounts due the other pursuant to the Final Reconciliation. The Approval Order shall provide that the Final
Reconciliation, once agreed to by Merchant and Purchaser, shall be automatically deemed approved pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 105(a) and Rule 9019
of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure without further order of the Bankruptcy Court or action by any party. During the Sale Term, and thereafter until all
of Merchant’s and Purchaser’s and Agent’s obligations under this Agreement have been satisfied, Merchant and Purchaser shall have reasonable access to
Merchant’s and Purchaser’s records with respect to the GOB Sale (including, but not limited to Merchandise, GOB Sale Proceeds, and Expenses) to review and
audit such records.
21Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 23 of 60
8.9 Additional Agent Merchandise .
(a) Agent shall be entitled to include in the Sale additional merchandise procured by Agent which is of like kind as, and no lesser quality to, the
Merchandise located in the Stores (“ Additional Agent Merchandise ”). Agent shall be responsible for payment of all costs associated with any Additional Agent
Merchandise. All proceeds of the sale of Additional Agent Merchandise shall remain the exclusive property of Agent.
(b) The Additional Agent Merchandise shall be at all times subject to the control of Agent. If requested by Agent, Merchant shall, at Agent’s
expense, insure the Additional Agent Merchandise and, if required, promptly file any proofs of loss with regard to same with Merchant’s insurers.
(c) Any transactions relating to the Additional Agent Merchandise are, and shall be construed as, a true consignment from Agent to Merchant.
Merchant acknowledges, and the Approval Order (as and when applicable) shall provide, that the Additional Agent Merchandise shall be consigned to
Merchant as a true consignment under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of Delaware (the “ UCC”). Agent is hereby, and shall be
through the Approval Order, granted a first priority security interest in (i) the Additional Agent Merchandise and (ii) the Additional Agent Merchandise
Proceeds, which security interest shall be deemed perfected pursuant to the Approval Order without the requirement of filing UCC financing statements or
providing notifications to any prior secured parties (provided that Agent is hereby authorized to deliver any notices and file any financing statements and
amendments thereof under the applicable UCC identifying Agent’s interest in the Additional Agent Merchandise and any proceeds from the sale thereof as
consigned goods thereunder and Merchant as the consignee therefor, and Agent’s security interest in such Additional Agent Merchandise and Additional
Agent Merchandise proceeds.
(d) Agent shall provide signage in the Stores notifying customers that the Additional Agent Merchandise has been included in the Sale.
8.10 E-Commerce Platform. Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent shall use the E-Commerce Platform in
connection with the GOB Sale to fulfill customer orders made during the GOB Sale Term and otherwise promote the GOB Sale (in Agent’s capacity as Agent
hereunder), provided  that Agent shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the use of the E-Commerce Platform at any time after four weeks of use.
During the use of the E-Commerce Platform, and consistent with the Wind-Down Budget (i) Merchant shall continue to provide for the operation and
maintenance of the E-Commerce Platform, including information technology and E-Commerce Platform updates, and provide Agent with all assistance with
respect to the functionality of the E-Commerce Platform, fulfillment of orders, and promotion of the GOB Sale and (ii) Agent shall pay as an Expense those
amounts reflected in Section 4.1(p) through and including the date that is seven (7) days after Agent provides Merchant with notice of Agent’s intention to
discontinue using the E-Commerce Platform as a sales platform to fulfill customer orders (the “ LDOB Date”); provided, however , that, if Agent continues the Sale
at the Stores after the LDOB Date, Merchant shall, as a Central Service and at no cost or expense to Agent (other than as provided in the Wind-Down Budget),
maintain the E-Commerce Platform with limited functionality for the limited purposes
22Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 24 of 60
of advertising and promoting the Sale at the Stores, periodically updating such advertising and promotions, and maintaining and updating the Store locator
function at no cost or expense to Agent. With respect to the E-Commerce Platform, (i) Agent shall be authorized to sell Additional Agent Goods through the E-
Commerce Platform and (ii) the Parties may implement such other processes, procedures, and agreements as may be necessary or appropriate for the efficient and
continued operation of the E-Commerce Platform. In the event Agent elects to discontinue using the E-Commerce Platform as a sales platform to fulfill customer
orders, Merchant agrees that neither Merchant nor any other person or entity shall complete any sale of goods for Merchant’s or any other person’s or entity’s
account utilizing the E-Commerce Platform during the GOB Sale Term, Merchant shall otherwise comply with Merchant’s obligations under this Agreement in
respect of the E-Commerce Platform, and Merchant shall, as a Central Service and at no cost or expense to Agent (other than as provided in the Wind-Down
Budget), maintain the E-Commerce Platform with limited functionality for the limited purposes of advertising and promoting the GOB Sale at the Stores,
periodically updating such advertising and promotions, and maintaining and updating the Store locator function. As part of the Allocation Schedule, Merchant
and Agent shall mutually agree upon an allocation of certain On-line Merchandise to be promptly delivered to the Stores and not sold through the E-Commerce
Platform (the “Designated On-line Merchandise ”). In the event Agent ceases using the E-Commerce Platform as a sales platform prior to the Sale Termination
Date, Merchant shall be responsible for processing and ticketing all Merchandise not sold through the E-Commerce Platform for sale in the Stores and delivering
any remaining On-line Merchandise (the “ Remaining On-line Merchandise”) to the Stores according to a mutually agreed upon allocation schedule.
Section 9. Employee Matters.
9.1 Merchant’s Employees . Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent may use Merchant’s employees in the conduct of the
Sale to the extent Agent deems necessary for the Sale, and Agent may select and schedule the number and type of Merchant’s employees required for the Sale.
Agent shall identify any such employees to be used in connection with the Sale (each such employee, a “ Retained Employee”). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Merchant’s employees shall at all times remain employees of Merchant. Agent’s selection and scheduling of Merchant’s employees shall at all times comply with
all applicable laws and regulations. Merchant and Agent agree that, except to the extent that wages and benefits of Retained Employees constitute Expenses
hereunder, nothing contained in this Agreement and none of Agent’s actions taken in respect of the Sale shall be deemed to constitute an assumption by Agent
of any of Merchant’s obligations relating to any of Merchant’s employees including, without limitation, Excluded Payroll Benefits, Worker Adjustment Retraining
Notification Act (“ WARN Act”) claims and other termination type claims and obligations, or any other amounts required to be paid by statute or law; nor shall
Agent become liable under any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement, or be deemed a joint or successor employer with respect to such
employees. For the avoidance of doubt, Merchant shall be responsible for providing any required notice under the WARN Act with respect to its employees and
otherwise comply with the WARN Act with respect to any “plant closing” or “mass layoff’ (as defined in the WARN Act) or group termination or similar event
affecting the employees, whether before or after the date of this Agreement. Merchant shall not, without the prior consent of Agent, raise the salary or wages or
increase the benefits for, or pay any bonuses
23Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 25 of 60
or other extraordinary payments to, any Store or Distribution Center employees prior to the Sale Termination Date. Merchant shall not transfer any employee in
anticipation of the Sale nor any Retained Employee during the Sale Term, in each case without Agent’s prior consent. To the extent reasonably requested by
Agent, and at Agent’s expense, Merchant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to hire additional temporary employees to facilitate the GOB Sale, which
employees shall constitute Retained Employees for purposes of this Agreement.
9.2 Termination of Employees . Agent may in its discretion stop using any Retained Employee at any time during the Sale, subject to the conditions
provided for herein. In the event that Agent desires to cease using any Retained Employee, Agent shall notify Merchant at least seven (7) days prior thereto;
provided , however, that, in the event that Agent determines to cease using an employee “for cause” (such as dishonesty, fraud or breach of employee duties),
the seven (7) day notice period shall not apply; provided , further, however, that Agent shall immediately notify Merchant of the basis for such “cause.” From and
after the date of this Agreement and until the Sale Termination Date, Merchant shall not transfer or dismiss employees of the Stores or Distribution Centers
except “for cause” without Agent’s prior consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent shall not have the right to terminate the actual employment of any
employee, but rather may only cease using such employee in the Sale and paying any Expenses with respect to such employee (and all decisions relating to the
termination or non-termination of such employees shall at all times rest solely with Merchant).
9.3 Payroll Matters. During the Sale Term, Merchant shall process the payroll for all Retained Employees and any former employees and temporary labor
engaged for the Sale. Each Wednesday (or such other date as may be reasonably requested by Merchant to permit the funding of the payroll accounts before
such payroll is due and payable) during the Sale Term, Agent shall transfer to Merchant’s payroll accounts an amount equal to the base payroll for Retained
Employees plus related payroll taxes, workers’ compensation and benefits for such week, to the extent such amount constitutes Expenses hereunder.
9.4 Employee Retention Bonuses . Subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court, Agent may pay, as an Expense, retention bonuses and/or severance pay
(“Retention Bonuses ”) (which bonuses shall be inclusive of payroll taxes, but as to which no benefits shall be payable), up to a maximum of $7,400,000 in the
aggregate, to such Retained Employees who do not voluntarily leave employment, are not otherwise entitled to receive severance pay, and are not terminated “for
cause,” as Agent may determine in its discretion. Subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court, the amount of such Retention Bonuses shall be in an amount to
be determined by Agent, in its discretion, and shall be payable within thirty (30) days after the Sale Termination Date, and shall be processed through Merchant’s
payroll system.
Section 10. Conditions Precedent and Subsequent.
(a) The willingness of Purchaser to enter into the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, and the occurrence of the Closing, are
directly conditioned upon the satisfaction of the following conditions at the time or during the time periods indicated, unless specifically waived in writing by
Purchaser in its sole discretion:
24Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 26 of 60
(i) Entry of the Approval Order shall have occurred no later than April 18, 2018;
(ii) All representations and warranties of Merchant hereunder shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing, and
Merchant shall have in all material respects performed the obligations and complied with the covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied
with by it prior to the Closing; and
(iii) All of the Parties shall have executed this Agreement.
(b) The willingness of Merchant to enter into the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, and the occurrence of the Closing, are
directly conditioned upon the satisfaction of the following conditions at the time or during the time periods indicated, unless specifically waived in writing by
Merchant:
(i) The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Approval Order no later than April 18, 2018;
(ii) All representations and warranties of Purchaser hereunder shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing, and
Purchaser shall have in all material respects performed the obligations and complied with the covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied
with by it prior to the Closing; and
(iii) All of the Parties shall have executed this Agreement.
Section 11. Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
11.1 Merchant’s Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Merchant hereby represents, warrants and covenants in favor of Purchaser as follows:
(a) As of the date of this Agreement and at the Closing, Merchant (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
State of Delaware; (ii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate the Assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted;
(iii) is, and during the Sale Term will continue to be, duly authorized and qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of its
business or properties requires such qualification, including all jurisdictions in which the Stores are located, except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to
be in good standing or so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Merchant to execute and deliver this
Agreement and perform fully its obligations hereunder; and (iv) has paid when due, and until the sale or other disposition of all of the Assets, will continue to
pay when due, all United States Trustee fees.
(b) Subject only to entry of the Approval Order, Merchant, as of the date of this Agreement and at the Closing, has the right, power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each other document and agreement contemplated hereby (collectively, together with this Agreement, the
“Agency Documents ”) and to perform fully its obligations thereunder. Merchant has taken all necessary actions required to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance of the Agency Documents, and no further consent or approval is required for
25Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 27 of 60
Merchant to enter into and deliver the Agency Documents, to perform its obligations thereunder and to consummate the Sale, except for any such consent the
failure of which to be obtained could not reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of Merchant to execute and deliver this
Agreement and perform fully its obligations hereunder. Each of the Agency Documents has been duly executed and delivered by Merchant and, upon the due
authorization, counter-execution, and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Merchant enforceable in
accordance with its terms.
(c) The Cash Purchase Price determined pursuant to Section 3.1(a) above shall not exceed $574,831,000 as of April 19, 2018.
(d) Merchant, as of the date of this Agreement and at the Closing, owns good and marketable title to all of the Assets, free and clear of all
security interests, liens, claims and encumbrances of any nature other than the security interests securing the DIP Obligations (as defined in the Final DIP Order)
and the Second-Lien Notes. Merchant shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any security interest, lien or other charge or encumbrance upon or with
respect to any of the Assets. From and after the Closing, subject to the Wind-Down Budget, Merchant shall perform such tasks and services as are necessary to
maintain all of the Assets in salable condition, to preserve the Assets and the economic value thereof, and to maintain good, clear, and marketable title to all of
the Assets at all times until all Assets have been sold or otherwise disposed of, and such tasks and services as Purchaser may otherwise reasonably request in
connection with the Assets, including but not limited to paying all ad valorem taxes and utilities when due, performing all routine maintenance, cooperating with
Purchaser to obtain the refund of all deposits and security deposits, and renewing all necessary licenses and registrations (collectively, all of the foregoing are
the “Wind-Down Services”).
(e) Merchant has maintained its pricing files in the ordinary course of business, and prices charged to the public for goods are the same in all
material respects as set forth in such pricing files for the periods indicated therein, all pricing files and records are true and accurate in all material respects as to
the actual cost to Merchant for purchasing the goods referred to therein and as to the selling price to the public for such goods without consideration of any
point of sale discounts, as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein. Merchant represents that (i) the ticketed prices of all items of Merchandise do not
and shall not include any Sales Taxes and (ii) all registers located at the Stores are programmed to correctly compute all Sales Taxes required to be paid by the
customer under applicable law, as such calculations have been identified to Merchant by its retained service provider.
(f) Through the Sale Commencement Date, Merchant has ticketed or marked, and shall continue to ticket or mark, all items of inventory received
at the Stores in a manner consistent with similar Merchandise located at the Stores, and in accordance with Merchant’s ordinary course past practices and
policies relative to pricing and marking inventory.
(g) Since March 1, 2018, Merchant has not, and through the Sale Commencement Date Merchant shall not, purchase for or transfer to or from
the Stores any merchandise or goods outside the ordinary course.
26Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 28 of 60
(h) To Merchant’s knowledge after reasonable inquiry, all Merchandise is in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local product
safety laws, rules and standards. Merchant shall provide Agent with its historic policies and practices, if any, regarding product recalls prior to the Sale
Commencement Date.
(i) Subject to the Wind-Down Budget, Merchant shall, throughout the Sale Term, maintain in good working order, condition, and repair all cash
registers, heating systems, air conditioning systems, elevators, escalators and all other mechanical devices necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the Sale at
the Stores. Except as otherwise restricted by the Bankruptcy Code upon filing of the Bankruptcy Case or the Wind-Down Budget, and absent a bona fide dispute,
throughout the Sale Term, Merchant shall remain current on all expenses and payables necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the GOB Sale.
(j) Subject the Wind-Down Budget, payment of Expenses by Agent, and approval by the Bankruptcy Court, Merchant has paid, and will
continue to pay throughout the Sale Term, all self-insured or Merchant-funded employee benefit programs for Store employees, including health and medical
benefits and insurance and all proper claims made or to be made in accordance with such programs.
(k) Since March 1, 2018, Merchant has not taken, and shall not throughout the Sale Term take, any actions with the intent of increasing the
Expenses of the Sale, including without limitation increasing salaries or other amounts payable to employees; except to the extent an employee was due an annual
raise in the ordinary course.
(l) Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Merchant has provided Agent reasonable access to all pricing and cost files, computer hardware,
software and data files, inter-Stores transfer logs, markdown schedules, invoices, style runs and all other documents relative to the price, mix and quantities of
inventory located at the Stores and the Distribution Centers or on order or in transit.
(m) To Merchant’s knowledge after reasonable inquiry, all documents, information and supplements provided by Merchant to Agent in
connection with Agent’s due diligence and the negotiation of this Agreement were true and accurate in all material respects at the time provided.
(n) Other than filing the Bankruptcy Case, no action, arbitration, suit, notice, or legal, administrative or other proceeding before any court or
governmental body has been instituted by or against Merchant, or has been settled or resolved, or to Merchant’s knowledge, is threatened against or affects
Merchant, relative to Merchant’s business or properties, or which questions the validity of this Agreement, or that if adversely determined, would adversely
affect the conduct of the Sale.
The representations set forth in Sections 11.1(e), (f), (g), and (h) shall not survive the Closing.
11.2 Purchaser’s Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Purchaser hereby represents, warrants and covenants in favor of Merchant as follows:
27Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 29 of 60
(a) Each member comprising Purchaser: (i) is duly and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of its organization; (ii)
has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (iii) is duly
authorized and qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business or properties requires such qualification,
including, in the case of the entities comprising Agent, all jurisdictions in which the Stores are located, except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to be in
good standing or so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such member to execute and deliver this
Agreement and perform fully its obligations hereunder.
(b) To the extent permitted and authorized under the Indenture, (i) each member comprising Purchaser has the right, power and authority to
execute and deliver each of the Agency Documents to which it is a party and to perform fully its obligations thereunder; (ii) each member comprising Purchaser
has taken all necessary actions required to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Agency Documents, and no further consent or approval is
required on the part of such member for such member to enter into and deliver the Agency Documents, to perform its obligations thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) each of the Agency Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the members of Purchaser party thereto
and, assuming the due authorization, execution, and delivery of this Agreement by Merchant, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such member
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws
affecting the rights of creditors generally and by general principles of equity. No court order or decree of any federal, state or local governmental authority or
regulatory body is in effect that would prevent or impair, or is required for, Purchaser’s consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
no consent of any third party which has not been obtained is required therefor, other than as provided herein. No contract or other agreement to which Purchaser
is a party or by which Purchaser is otherwise bound will prevent or impair the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(c) No action, arbitration, suit, notice or legal administrative or other proceeding before any court or governmental body has been instituted by
or against Purchaser, or has been settled or resolved or, to Purchaser’s knowledge, has been threatened against or affects Purchaser, which questions the validity
of this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken by Purchaser in connection with this Agreement or which, if adversely determined, would have a material
adverse effect upon Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
(d) The GOB Sale shall be conducted in compliance with all applicable state and local laws, rules and regulations and Merchant’s leases and
other agreements, except as otherwise provided for in the Sale Guidelines and Approval Order.
(e) Absent prior consent by Merchant, Purchaser will not cause any non-emergency repairs or maintenance (emergency repairs are repairs
necessary to preserve the security of a Store premise or to ensure customer safety) to be conducted at the Stores.
(f) Purchaser shall not prosecute, or otherwise use offensively or defensively, Avoidance Actions against any of Merchant’s (1) non-insider
trade vendors or landlords,
28Case
18-10248-MFW
Doc
632-1
Filed
04/18/18
Page
30 of 60
(2) employees and officers with respect to retention payments received pursuant to Retention Agreements in 2017, or (3) directors with respect to directors’ fees
received, and such Avoidance Actions shall be released as of the Closing. This paragraph 11.2(f) shall survive any termination of this Agreement for any reason.
Section 12. Insurance.
12.1 Merchant’s Liability Insurance . Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement,
Merchant shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, in such amounts as it currently has in effect, all of its liability
insurance policies, including but not limited to commercial general liability, products liability, comprehensive public liability, auto liability and umbrella liability
insurance, covering injuries to persons and property in, or in connection with, the Assets and/or Merchant’s operation of its business and the Store and
Distribution Centers; and Merchant shall cause Purchaser to be named as an additional named insured (as its interest may appear) with respect to all such
policies. Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance setting forth the duration thereof and naming Purchaser as an additional
named insured, in form reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser. All such policies shall require at least thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non-
renewal or material change. In the event of a claim under any such policies, Merchant shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self-
insured amounts thereunder (which may be reimbursed as an Expense and/or pursuant to the Wind-Down Payment, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the
Wind-Down Cap), unless it is determined that liability arose by reason of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Purchaser, or
Purchaser’s employees, independent contractors or agents. Merchant shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts on
or after the date of this Agreement without Purchaser’s prior written consent.
12.2 Merchant’s Casualty Insurance . Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement,
Merchant shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, all of its presently existing property casualty coverage related
to the Assets (including but not limited to fire, flood, wind, hail, natural disaster, theft, and extended coverage casualty insurance) until the sale or other
disposition of all Assets covered by such policies. From and after the date of this Agreement, all such policies will also name Purchaser as an additional named
insured or loss payee, as applicable (as its interest may appear). In the event of a loss to the Assets on or after the date of this Agreement, all proceeds of such
insurance shall constitute Proceeds hereunder. Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance, setting forth the duration thereof and
naming Purchaser as an additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser. All such policies shall require
at least thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non-renewal or material change. Merchant shall not make any change in the amount of any
deductibles or self-insurance amounts on or after the date of this Agreement without Purchaser’s prior written consent. Upon the sale, conveyance, or other
disposition of any Asset specifically identified in any of Merchant’s casualty insurance policies, Merchant, if reasonably requested by Purchaser, shall cancel the
casualty coverage specifically applicable to such Asset.
29Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 31 of 60
12.3 Agent’s Insurance . Agent shall maintain, at Agent’s cost (as an Expense) and in such amounts as Agent currently has in effect, commercial general
liability policies covering injuries to persons and property in or in connection with Agent’s agency at the Stores and shall cause Merchant to be named as an
additional insured with respect to such policies. Agent shall deliver to Merchant certificates evidencing such insurance policies setting forth the duration thereof
and naming Merchant as an additional insured, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Merchant. In the event of a claim under any such policies,
Agent shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self-insured amounts thereunder, unless it is determined that liability arose by reason
of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Merchant or Merchant’s employees, independent contractors or agents (other than Agent or
Agent’s employees, agents or independent contractors). Agent shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts prior to
the Sale Termination Date without Merchant’s prior written consent.
12.4 Worker’s Compensation Insurance . Merchant shall, at all times while any employees are in its employ, maintain in full force and effect workers’
compensation insurance (including employer liability insurance) in compliance with all statutory requirements.
Section 13. Purchaser’s Security Interest.
Subject to Agent’s obligation to pay Expenses and fund the Wind-Down Payment:
(a) Upon the occurrence of the Closing, and solely to the extent that any Assets or Proceeds are, notwithstanding the Approval Order,
subsequently determined to constitute property of Merchant’s estate, Purchaser shall have a senior lien on all Assets and Proceeds, which lien shall be deemed
by the Approval Order to be automatically perfected. The Approval Order shall grant Purchaser relief from the automatic stay, and nothing in the Approval Order
shall inhibit Purchaser’s ability, to take any action Purchaser deems appropriate to perfect such lien.
(b) Upon the occurrence of the Closing and until all Assets have been sold or otherwise disposed of, and solely to the extent that any Assets
or Proceeds are, notwithstanding the Approval Order, subsequently determined to constitute property of Merchant’s estate, Purchaser shall have a superpriority
administrative expense claim against Merchant to the extent of any amounts owing from Merchant to Purchaser in connection with this Agreement, including as a
result of any breach of this Agreement.
Section 14. Designation Rights.
14.1 Lease/Contract Designation Rights .
(a) Upon the occurrence of the Closing and until the earlier to occur of (i) the end of the Designation Rights Period applicable to a particular
Lease or Contract and (ii) the Designation Rights Termination Date, Purchaser shall have the exclusive right to designate the assignees of Merchant’s right, title,
and interest in and to any or all of the Leases and Contracts (the “ Lease/Contract Designation Rights ”) upon the terms and conditions agreed upon between
Purchaser and such designee.
30Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 32 of 60
(b) Merchant shall cooperate reasonably with Purchaser to arrange for the sale and assignment of the Leases and Contracts, with such sale and
assignment to be on such terms as Purchaser deems acceptable in its sole and absolute discretion. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Merchant
agrees (1) to provide Purchaser with all due diligence materials and information as Purchaser shall reasonably request in connection with its efforts to market and
attempt to sell the Leases and Contracts (including complete copies thereof and any abstracts prepared with respect thereto, and all communications with the
counterparties thereunder, all property surveys, all environmental reports and tax and utility records), with Purchaser to bear all reasonable third party out-of-
pocket costs and expenses relating thereto, in all cases to the extent reasonably available to Merchant, and (2) to cooperate with Purchaser, its agents, and any
potential purchasers of any of the Leases and/or Contracts.
(c) Solely to the extent requested by Purchaser, Merchant shall exercise renewal and/or extension options under the Leases and Contracts.
(d) At any time prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the end of the Designation Rights Period applicable to a particular Lease or Contract and (ii) the
Designation Rights Termination Date, Purchaser shall have the right, which right may be exercised at any time and from time to time, to file a Lease/Contract
Assumption Notice in the Bankruptcy Cases designating the assignee (which may in certain circumstances be Purchaser, any of the entities comprising
Purchaser, any of their respective affiliates, and/or a new entity created by any of the foregoing) of one or more Leases and/or Contracts (which may occur
without further order of the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the Approval Order) and setting forth the proposed cure amount due pursuant to section 365 of the
Bankruptcy Code. The Approval Order shall provide that (a) the counterparties to the Leases or Contracts identified in any Lease/Contract Assumption Notice
shall have twenty-one days to object to the proposed assumption and assignment, (b) if no objection to the proposed assumption and assignment of a Lease or
Contract is timely received, such Lease or Contract shall, upon payment of the applicable cure payment, if any, to the applicable counterparty, automatically be
deemed assumed by Merchant and assigned to the assignee identified in the Lease/Contract Assumption Notice pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy
Code, without further order of the Bankruptcy Court or further action by any person or entity, and (c) if an objection to the proposed assumption and assignment
of a Lease or Contract is timely received, such Lease or Contract shall not be assumed or assigned until such objection is resolved by agreement of the applicable
counterparty or order of the Bankruptcy Court.
(e) The designee under any Lease/Contract Assumption Notice shall be required, if requested by the applicable counterparty, to provide
adequate assurance of future performance with respect to such Lease or Contract if the applicable counterparty so requests.
(f) Merchant shall have no responsibility for any cure amounts with respect to any Lease or Contract assumption and assignment.
14.2 Asset Designation Rights .
(a) Upon the occurrence of the Closing, Agent shall have the exclusive right to market and sell, and/or otherwise designate the purchasers,
licensees, transferees, and/or
31Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 33 of 60
assignees of (which may in certain circumstances be Purchaser, any of the entities comprising Purchaser, any of their respective affiliates, and/or a new entity
created by any of the foregoing), any or all of the Assets free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances thereon, without further order of the Bankruptcy
Court (the “ Asset Designation Rights ”). Subject to Agent’s payment obligations hereunder, Agent is authorized to execute, in the name of and as agent for
Merchant, any and all deeds, bills of sale, and other instruments or documents necessary to effectuate the sale, transfer, or other conveyance of any of the
Assets.
(b) Pursuant to the Approval Order, the sale or other conveyance of any Assets reflected in Asset Designation Notices filed in the Bankruptcy
Cases from time to time by the Agent shall be automatically effective on the date reflected in the applicable Asset Designation Notice and subject to the
satisfaction of any closing conditions reflected therein, and the sale, license, transfer, or other conveyance of such Assets shall be free and clear of all liens,
claims, and encumbrances without further order of the Bankruptcy Court, provided, however , that nothing in the Approval Order shall inhibit the ability of Agent
to seek other or further orders of the Court in connection with the sale or other disposition of any Assets.
(c) Except to the extent provided for by the Wind-Down Budget, the costs of maintaining the Assets available for marketing and sale shall
constitute Expenses. All costs of effectuating assumption and assignment shall be deemed an Expense hereunder.
Section 15. Miscellaneous.
15.1 Signage. On April 5, 2018, the Merchant purchased the signage, exclusive of freight, required for the Sale as set forth on Exhibit 15 directly from the
sign vendor. The signage shall be delivered to the Stores so as to be received in accordance with Agent’s instructions on or before the Sale Commencement Date.
Upon entry of the Approval Order and simultaneous with the funding of the Cash Purchase Price, the Agent shall reimburse Merchant for one hundred percent
(100%) of Merchant’s actual (without mark-up or lift) documented out of pocket costs in an amount not to exceed $3,000,000 and shall directly pay as an Expense
the freight costs associated with shipping such signage to the Stores.
15.2 Notices. All notices and communications provided for pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by electronic mail, as follows:
If to Merchant:
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
2801 East Market Street
York, PA 17402
Attention:
With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to :
Malfitano Partners
Joseph A. Malfitano, PLLC
747 Third Ave., 2nd Floor
32Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 34 of 60
New York, NY 10017
Attn: Joseph A. Malfitano ( jm@malfitanopartners.com)
If to Purchaser:
GA Retail, Inc.
Attn: Scott Carpenter (scarpenter@greatamerican.com )
Alan Forman (aforman@brileyfin.com)
and
Tiger Capital Group, LLC
Attn: Christopher Huber (chuber@tigergroup.com )
Mark Naughton ( mnaughton@tigergroup.com )
and
Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB
Attn: Patrick J. Healy (phealy@wsfsbank.com )
With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Lowenstein Sandler LLP
Counsel to Great American Group WF LLC
Attn: Kenneth A. Rosen ( krosen@lowenstein.com )
Andrew Behlmann (abehlmann@lowenstein.com )
and
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP
Counsel to WSFS
Attn: David Posner (dposner@kilpatricktownsend.com )
and
Jones Day
Counsel to Second Lien Noteholders
Attn: Sidney P. Levinson (slevinson@jonesday.com )
Joshua M. Mester ( jmester@jonesday.com)
John Kane (jkkane@jonesday.com)
15.3 Governing Law/Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without reference to any conflict of laws provisions thereof, except where governed by the Bankruptcy Code. Each of the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally
submits, for itself and its properties, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
33Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 35 of 60
15.4 Amendments . This Agreement may not be modified except in a written instrument executed by all of the Parties, provided  that any amendment or
modification to Section 3.1(f) or 11.2(f) shall require the consent of the Committee.
15.5 No Waiver. No consent or waiver by any Party, express or implied, to or of any breach or default by the other in the performance of its obligations
hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by such other Party of the same or any
other obligation of such Party. Failure on the part of any Party to complain of any act or failure to act by the other Party or to declare the other Party in default,
irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party of its rights hereunder.
15.6 Currency. All reference to dollars in this Agreement and all schedules, exhibits, and ancillary documents related to this Agreement shall refer to U.S.
dollars.
15.7 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties and their respective successors and assigns,
including, but not limited to, any chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee; provided, however , that this Agreement may not be assigned by any of the Parties without the
prior written consent of the other, provided further  that notwithstanding the foregoing, GA and Tiger may each collaterally assign this Agreement and their rights
thereunder to their respective lenders.
15.8 Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts. Each such counterpart shall be deemed an original but all
such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine,
electronic mail, or other electronic transmission in which the actual signature is evident, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or
instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any
Party, each other Party shall re-execute original forms hereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic
mail, or other electronic transmission in which the actual signature is evident to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was
transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine, electronic mail or other electronic transmission in which the actual signature is evident as a
defense to the formation of a contract and each Party forever waives such defense. In proving this Agreement, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for
more than one such counterpart signed by the Party against which enforcement is sought.
15.9 Section Headings . The headings of sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be considered for the purpose of
determining the meaning or legal effect of any provisions hereof.
15.10 Wiring of Funds . All amounts required to be paid under any provision of this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available
funds no later as 2:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the date that such payment is due, so long as all information necessary to complete the wire transfer has been
received by the payor by 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the
34Case 18-
10248-MFW Doc 632-1 Filed
04/18/18
Page 36
of 60
date that such payment is due. In the event that the date on which any such payment is due is not a business day, then such payment shall be made by wire
transfer on the next business day.
15.11 Deposit. Pursuant to the Bidding Procedures, Agent has provided a cash deposit in the amount of $32,700,000 (the “ Deposit”), which is being held
in escrow by co-counsel to Merchant, Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor, LLP (the “ Escrow Agent ”). At the closing, the Deposit shall be released from escrow by
the Escrow Agent and applied to the Cash Purchase Price. In the event the Closing fails to occur, then, only upon entry of a final and non-appealable order of the
Bankruptcy Court determining that such failure was the result of Purchaser’s sole, material, non-excusable breach of this Agreement, then Merchant shall be
entitled to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages as Merchant’s sole remedy for such breach.
15.12 Nature of Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Agent, any right, remedy, power, privilege or adjustment
hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, privilege, or adjustment hereunder preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, privilege, or adjustment.
15.13 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and
supersedes and cancels all prior agreements, including, but not limited to, all proposals, letters of intent or representations, written or oral, with respect thereto
15.14 Agent/Purchaser.  Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that any payment obligation of Purchaser and Agent hereunder is binding upon
both the Agent and Purchaser and they shall be jointly and severally responsible therefor. Any action permitted under this Agreement to be taken by Purchaser
may be undertaken by Agent on behalf of all entities comprising Purchaser, subject to any agreements between or among the entities comprising Purchaser, the
Second Lien Noteholders, or any of them.
[ signature page follows  ]
35Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 37 of 60
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereby execute this Agreement by their respective duly authorized representatives as a sealed instrument as of the
day and year first written above.
GA RETAIL, INC.
By:
Name:
Its:
TIGER CAPITAL GROUP, LLC
By:
Name:
Its:
WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB
As Successor Trustee and Collateral Agent for the
Second-Lien Notes
By:
Name:
Its:
THE BON-TON STORES, INC., on behalf of itself and
the other entities comprising Merchant
By:
Name:
Its:Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 38 of 60
List of Exhibits
Exhibit 1(a)(1) Stores
Exhibit 1(a)(2) Distribution Centers
Exhibit 1(d) Owned Real Estate
Exhibit 1(e) Intellectual Property
Exhibit 2(b)(iv) Form of Asset Designation Notice
Exhibit 2(b)(xiii) Form of Lease/Contract Assumption Notice
Exhibit 3.1(c) Wind-Down Budget
Exhibit 4.1(c) Per Store, Per Diem Occupancy Expenses.
Exhibit 8.1 Sale GuidelinesCase 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 39 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (a) (1)
Full Company Liquidation Stores Closing List
Store List
Store # Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
2 Hanover 400 Eisenhower Drive Hanover PA 17331 71,636
4 Lewistown 111 East Market Street Lewistown PA 17044 46,660
5 Martinsburg 800 Foxcroft Avenue Martinsburg WV 25401 65,780
6 Chambersburg 100 Chambersburg Mall Chambersburg PA 17201 55,621
7 Park City Furn 870 Plaza Boulevard Lancaster PA 17601 32,000
8 Park City 600 Park City Center Lancaster PA 17601 178,967
12 Cumberland 1262 Vocke Rd LaVale MD 21502 75,134
14 Galleria 2899 Wh teford Road, Ste 282 York PA 17402 131,915
15 Uniontown 1800 Mall Run Road Uniontown PA 15401 80,511
17 Indiana 2334 Oakland Avenue Suite 35 Indiana PA 15701 60,465
18 Warren 4000 Market Street Warren PA 16365 50,070
19 Wilton 3065 Route 50 Saratoga Springs NY 12866 71,740
21 Oil C ty 6945 US 322 Cranberry PA 16319 45,168
22 Br ck 80 Brick Plaza Brick NJ 08723 53,500
25 Binghamton 601-635 Harry L Dr. Johnson City NY 13790 81,112
27 Williamsport 300 Lycoming Mall Circle Pennsdale PA 17756 60,952
28 Bloomsburg 225 Columbia Mall Drive Bloomsburg PA 17815 46,060
29 Queensgate 2081 Springwood Road York PA 17403 114,608
31 Camp Hill 3525 Gettysburg Road Camp Hill PA 17011 145,200
32 Colonial Park 4600 Jonestown Road Harrisburg PA 17109 136,540
35 Reading 1665 State Hill Road Wyomissing PA 19610 159,368
36 Greensburg 5256 Rt 30 Greensburg PA 15601 100,003
37 Washington 1500 W. Chestnut Street Washington PA 15301 78,129
38 Midway 1066 Wyoming Avenue Wyoming PA 18644 66,026
39 Wilkes-Barre 14 Wyoming Valley Mall Wilkes-Barre PA 18702 159,454
43 Newburgh 1401 Route 300 Ste 139 Newburgh NY 12550 61,785
44 Ithaca 40 Catherwood Road Ithaca NY 14850 62,225
46 Jamestown 318 E. Fairmount Avenue Lakewood NY 14750 59,860
48 Westfield 443 E. Main Street Westfield MA 01085 74,939
62 Eastern Hills 4545 Transit Road Williamsville NY 14221 151,208
63 Sheridan 1706 Sheridan Drive Buffalo NY 14223 124,284
64 Southgate 1090 Union Road West Seneca NY 14224 100,500
65 McKinley 3701 McKinley Parkway Blasdell NY 14219 97,204
67 Lockport 5737 S. Transit Road Lockport NY 14094 82,000
68 Olean 402 N. Union Street Olean NY 14760 73,017
69 Niagara 6929 Williams Road Niagara Falls NY 14303 88,128
72 Bethlehem 2524 Schoenersville Road Bethlehem PA 18017 108,650
73 S. Allentown 3300 Lehigh Street Allentown PA 18103 101,841
76 Easton 146 Palmer Park Mall Easton PA 18045 115,062
78 Quakertown 751 SW End Blvd. Quakertown PA 18951 88,126
81 Doylestown 456 North Main Street Doylestown PA 18901 61,915
84 Elmira 3300 Chambers Road South, Ste. 50 Horseheads NY 14845 74,752
94 Camillus 5301 W. Genesee Street Camillus NY 13031 64,700
101 Dayton Mall 2700 St. Rt. 725 Dayton OH 45459 212,000
107 Huber Heights 8221 Old Troy Pike Huber Heights OH 45424 101,840
115 Beavercreek 2727 Fairfield Commons Beavercreek OH 45431 151,740
117 Piqua 987 E. Ash Street Piqua OH 45356 60,000
118 Athens 1004 E. State Street Athens OH 45701 42,253
119 New Philadelphia 400 Mill Avenue, Ste. C3 New Philadelphia OH 44663 73,310
121 Kettering 2050 E. Dorothy Lane Dayton OH 45420 87,317
125 Lancaster 1730 River Valley Circle S. Lancaster OH 43130 52,725
126 Heath 771 S. 30th Street Newark OH 43056 73,185
128 Zanesville 3575 Maple Avenue Zanesville OH 43701 70,847
129 Marion 1475 Marion Waldo Road Marion OH 43302 75,673
130 Chillicothe 1080 N. Br dge Street Chillicothe OH 45601 55,940
132 Richmond 601 East Main St. R chmond IN 47374 100,000
137 Sandusky 4314 Milan Road Sandusky OH 44870 80,398Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 40 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (a) (1)
Full Company Liquidation Stores Closing List
Store List
Store # Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
138 Plover 1780 Plover Road Plover WI 54467 54,564
140 Kohler 4030 Hwy #28 Sheboygan Falls WI 53085 54,541
142 West Bend 1291 W. Paradise Road West Bend WI 53095 61,011
143 Coldwater 373 N. Willowbrook Rd. Suite Z Coldwater MI 49036 54,146
144 Alliance Carnation Mall, 2500 W. State Street Alliance OH 44601 55,552
147 Wooster 4095 Burbank Road Wooster OH 44691 53,446
148 Morgantown 9550 Mall Road Morgantown WV 26501 71,032
150 Warsaw 2856 Frontage Road Warsaw IN 46580 80,320
151 Frankfort 202 Limestone Drive Frankfort KY 40601 53,954
152 Findlay 1800 Tiffin Avenue Findlay OH 45840 74,841
153 Bowling Green 1234 N Main Street Bowling Green OH 43402 40,000
154 Howell 3599 E. Grand River Avenue Howell MI 48843 72,873
155 Westgate 3311 Secor Road Toledo OH 43606 154,000
159 Monroe 2121 Monroe Street Monroe MI 48161 99,363
161 Midland 6830 Eastman Avenue M dland MI 48642 64,141
163 Jackson 1826 W. Michigan Avenue Jackson MI 49202 70,425
173 Muscatine 1903 Park Avenue Muscatine IA 52761 43,906
175 Mattoon 700 Broadway Avenue E Mattoon IL 61938 54,266
178 Jasper 3875 Newton Street Jasper IN 47546 55,238
179 Terre Haute 3401 US Hwy 41 S Terre Haute IN 47802 70,380
182 Muncie 3501 N. Granville Avenue Muncie IN 47303 80,000
184 Kokomo 1156 South 17th Street Kokomo IN 46902 60,135
186 Green Bay Furn 201 Bay Park Square Green Bay WI 54304 53,265
189 Southtown 2400 State Route 725 Dayton OH 45459 54,848
199 Fort Wayne 4201 Coldwater Road Fort Wayne IN 46805 122,000
203 Clarksburg 2700 Meadowbrook Mall Bridgeport WV 26330 124,285
205 Ashland 10699 US Route 60 Ashland KY 41102 70,000
206 Kanawha 5700 MacCorkle Avenue SE Charleston WV 25304 80,000
209 Winfield 200 Liberty Sq. Shopping Center Hurricane WV 25526 70,476
310 St Cloud 600 W St. Germain St. St. Cloud MN 56301 93,900
311 Virginia 1440 S 12th Avenue Virginia MN 55792 66,582
312 Rice Lake 2900 South Main R ce Lake WI 54868 54,661
313 Fergus Falls 2001 West Lincoln Avenue Ste. 2 Fergus Falls MN 56537 39,536
314 New Ulm 110 N Minnesota Street New Ulm MN 56073 47,277
315 Watertown 1300 9th Avenue SE Watertown SD 57201 40,320
316 Alexandria 3015 Hwy 29 S Ste. 4037 Alexandria MN 56308 70,314
317 Havre 1753 Highway 2 NW Havre MT 59501 47,161
318 LaCrosse 4000 State Road 16 LaCrosse WI 54601 41,344
319 Albert Lea 2440 Bridge Avenue Albert Lea MN 56007 64,436
320 Moorhead 420 Center Ave, Ste. 1 Moorhead MN 56560 106,150
321 Bismarck 641 Kirkwood Mall Bismarck ND 58506 92,500
323 Brainerd 14136 Baxter Drive Ste. 1 Baxter MN 56425 82,879
325 Billings 300 S 24th Street W, Ste. E100 Billlings MT 59102 60,224
326 Ottumwa 1110 Quincy Ave Ottumwa IA 52501 55,282
327 Great Falls 1200 10th Avenue South Great Falls MT 59405 70,000
328 Rap d City 2200 N Maple Avenue Rapid C ty SD 57701 88,977
329 Rock Springs 2445 Foothill Blvd. Rock Springs WY 82901 60,018
330 Dickinson Prairie Hills Mall Dickinson ND 58601 42,980
331 Minot 2400 10th Street SW Minot ND 58701 52,468
332 Willmar 1605 S. 1st. Street Willmar MN 56201 88,701
334 Norfolk 1700 Market Lane Norfolk NE 68701 77,365
335 Hastings 3001 W 12th Ste. 4 Hastings NE 68901 52,950
336 North Platte 1100 South Dewey North Platte NE 69101 43,500
338 Kearney 4915 2nd Avenue Kearney NE 68847 87,500
339 Scottsbluff 2302 Frontage Road Box 29 Scottsbluff NE 69361 72,699
340 Kalispell 20 North Main Kalispell MT 59901 80,000
341 Blaine 301 Northtown Dr. Blaine MN 55434 130,722Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 41 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (a) (1)
Full Company Liquidation Stores Closing List
Store List
Store # Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
342 Stillwater 2001 Washington Avenue Stillwater MN 55082 95,360
343 Aberdeen 3315 6th Avenue Southeast Ste. 2 Aberdeen SD 57401 79,668
344 Grand Junction 2424 US Highway 6 & 50 Grand Junct on CO 81505 72,279
345 Mankato 1850 Adams Street Mankato MN 56001 71,046
348 Bemidji 1401 Paul Bunyan Drive NW Bemidji MN 56601 56,392
349 Butte 3100 Harrison Avenue Ste. 5 Butte MT 59701 65,000
351 Missoula 2901 Brooks Avenue Missoula MT 59801 45,167
352 Fargo 3902 13th Avenue South Fargo ND 58103 103,200
353 Rosedale 1675 West Highway 36 Roseville MN 55113 149,908
354 Midway 1400 University Avenue West St. Paul MN 55104 124,136
355 Southtown 7831 Southtown Center Bloomington MN 55431 133,103
356 Edina 300 Southdale Center Edina MN 55435 143,608
357 Rochester 1201 SW 12th Street Rochester MN 55902 78,130
401 Ames 2801 N Grand Ave Ames IA 50010 49,888
402 Mason C ty 102 S Delaware Avenue Mason City IA 50401 59,500
403 Fort Dodge 217 S. 25th St., Ste 33 Fort Dodge IA 50501 54,179
404 Marshalltown 2500 S Center Street Marshalltown IA 50158 42,142
406 Oak View 3201 S 144th Street Omaha NE 68144 149,326
408 Waterloo 2060 Crossroads Blvd. Waterloo IA 50702 86,781
409 Austin 1405 18th Avenue NW Austin MN 55912 45,277
410 Merle Hay 3800 Merle Hay Road Ste. 100 Des Moines IA 50310 165,000
412 Coralville 1421 Coral Ridge Avenue Coralville IA 52241 98,458
413 Lindale Plaza 4444 1st Avenue NE Cedar Rapids IA 52404 100,000
414 Jordan Creek 101 Jordan Creek Parkway, #6000 West Des Moines IA 50265 159,673
418 Dubuque 555 John F. Kennedy Road Dubuque IA 52002 126,839
419 Westroads 707 N 102nd Omaha NE 68114 171,800
421 Davenport 320 W Kimberly Road Davenport IA 52806 104,913
422 Moline 4600 16th Street Moline IL 61265 107,145
423 Southridge 1111 E Army Post Road, Ste. 2003 Des Moines IA 50315 105,183
424 Sioux Falls 3500 W Empire Mall Sioux Falls SD 57106 105,292
429 Southern Hills 4380 Sergeant Road Sioux C ty IA 51106 92,695
430 West Burlington 550 S Gear Avenue West Burlington IA 52655 66,705
432 Eau Claire 4850 Golf Road Eau Claire WI 54701 102,000
437 Valley West 1551 Valley West Drive Ste. 200 West Des Moines IA 50266 205,248
438 Muskegon 5580 Harvey Street Muskegon MI 49444 106,131
439 Sturgeon Bay 58 N 3rd Avenue Sturgeon Bay WI 54235 60,000
440 Grandville 3668 Rivertown Parkway Grandville MI 49418 150,081
443 Traverse City 1776 Garfield Road Traverse C ty MI 49684 49,666
445 Lansing 5220 W Saginaw Highway Lansing MI 48917 103,000
447 Lincoln 3 Gateway Mall Lincoln NE 68505 100,000
448 Marshfield 503 E Ives Street Marshfield WI 54449 48,295
449 Duluth 1600 Miller Trunk Highway Duluth MN 55811 140,999
451 Grand Island 3404 W 13th Street Grand Island NE 68801 60,081
457 Bay Park 101 Bay Park Square Green Bay WI 54304 145,672
463 Holland 12331 James Street Holland MI 49424 69,148
464 Okemos 1982 W Grand River Avenue Okemos MI 48864 168,757
465 Port Huron 4450 24th Avenue Fort Gratiot MI 48060 70,536
475 Bay City 4131 E Wilder Road Bay C ty MI 48706 110,536
501 Bloomington 1601 Empire St. Bloomington IL 61701 131,606
502 LaSalle Peru 3940 Route 251 Ste 01 Peru IL 61354 87,500
503 Pekin 3536 Court St. Pekin IL 61554 82,100
504 Champaign 2000 North Neil St. Champaign IL 61820 154,302
505 Galesburg 1150 W. Carl Sandburg Dr. Galesburg IL 61401 84,894
507 Quincy 3347 Broadway Quincy IL 62301 106,400
508 Forsyth 1005 Hickory Point Mall Forsyth IL 62535 125,455
510 Janesville 2500 Milton Avenue Janesville WI 53545 96,000
511 Sterling 2900 E. Lincolnway Sterling IL 61081 60,000Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 42 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (a) (1)
Full Company Liquidation Stores Closing List
Store List
Store # Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
512 Cherryvale 7200 Harrison Avenue Rockford IL 61112 128,330
515 Joliet 3340 Mall Loop Drive Joliet IL 60435 128,000
516 Spring Hill 4000 Spring Hill Ring Rd Dundee IL 60118 128,000
517 Randhurst 1025 Center Dr. Mount Prospect IL 60056 205,056
518 White Oaks 2501 W. Wabash Springfield IL 62704 125,000
519 Milwaukee Grand Ave 331 W Wisconsin Avenue Milwaukee WI 53203 124,055
520 Bayshore 5701 N Lydell Avenue Glendale WI 53217 167,606
521 Racine 5500 Durand Avenue Racine WI 53406 106,157
522 Brookfield 15875 W Bluemound Road Brookfield WI 53005 218,705
523 Southridge 5300 S 76th Street Greendale WI 53129 221,000
526 East Towne 53 East Towne Mall Madison WI 53704 138,755
527 Mayfair 2400 N Mayfair Road Wauwatosa WI 53226 210,713
528 West Towne 36 West Towne Mall Madison WI 53719 139,580
529 Brookfield Furniture 18615 W Bluemound Road Brookfield WI 53045 55,000
530 Evergreen 9700 S Western Ave Evergreen Park IL 60805 120,000
531 Yorktown 230 Yorktown Shopping Center Lombard IL 60148 217,887
532 Woodmar 6600 Indianapolis Blvd. Hammond IN 46320 111,080
533 Edens Plaza 3200 Lake Avenue Wilmette IL 60091 160,578
535 Stratford Square 4 Stratford Square Bloomingdale IL 60108 147,116
538 Chicago Ridge 9800 S Ridgeland Ave Ch cago Ridge IL 60415 154,241
539 Harlem Irving 4200 N Harlem Avenue Norridge IL 60706 168,058
541 North Riverside 7505 W Cermak Road North Riverside IL 60546 180,550
542 Southlake 1995 Southlake Mall Merrillville IN 46410 144,123
543 Orland Square 4 Orland Square Orland Park IL 60462 163,370
546 Yorktown Furniture 2 Yorktown Mall Drive Lombard IL 60148 45,708
547 Edens Furniture 3232 Lake Avenue Wilmette IL 60091 34,830
548 Schaumburg Furn ture 830 E Golf Road Schaumburg IL 60173 58,525
549 Michigan City 305 W US Highway 20 M chigan City IN 46360 81,420
550 Hawthorn 3 Hawthorne Center Vernon Hills IL 60061 112,121
551 Ford City 7601 S Cicero Avenue Ch cago IL 60652 155,513
552 Lincolnwood 3333 Touhy Avenue Lincolnwood IL 60712 122,650
553 Bradley 1602 N State IL- 50 Bourbonnais IL 60914 142,200
554 St Charles 3850 E Main Street St. Charles IL 60174 141,808
555 Hawthorn Furniture 480 East Ring Road Vernon Hills IL 60540 46,290
556 Fox Valley 3 Fox Valley Center Aurora IL 60505 131,267
561 Orland Park Furniture 66 Orland Square Drive Orland Park IL 60462 71,783
563 Grand Prairie 5203 W. War Memorial Drive Peoria IL 61615 181,238
571 Laurel Park 17624 Newburgh Rd Livonia MI 48152 148,800
572 Rochester Hills 400 N.Adams St. Rochester Hills MI 48309 121,380
573 Partridge Creek 17480 Hall Rd. Clinton Township MI 48038 116,254
579 Naperville Frn Clear. 1835 W. Jefferson Naperville IL 60540 30,000
Count: 212Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 43 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (a) (2)
Distribution Centers
Store List
Store # Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
50 Whitehall - DC 3585 South Church St Whitehall PA 18052 n/a
198 Fairborn - DC 1340 E Dayton Yellow Springs Rd Fairborn OH 45324 n/a
460 West Jefferson - DC 115 Enterprise Parkway West Jefferson OH 43162 n/a
950 Rockford - DC 4650 Shepherd Trail Rockford IL 61103 n/a
Count: 4Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 44 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (d)
Owned Real Estate
Store List
Store #  Banner Store Name Address City State Zip Selling Sq Ft
4 Bon-Ton Lewistown 111 East Market Street Lewistown PA 17044 50,000
31 Bon-Ton Camp Hill 3525 Gettysburg Road Camp Hill PA 17011 145,375
36 Bon-Ton Greensburg Westmoreland Mall, 5256 Route 30 Greensburg PA 15601 99,800
67 Bon-Ton Lockport 5737 South Transit Road Lockport NY 14094 81,431
128 Elder-Beerman Zanesville 3575 Maple Avenue Zanesville OH 43701 70,847
132 Elder-Beerman Richmond 601 East Main Street Richmond IN 47301 111,350
310 Herberger’s St. Cloud 600 West Saint Germain Street St. Cloud MN 56301 168,755
327 Herberger’s Great Falls 1200 10th Avenue South Great Falls MT 59405 81,969
354 Herberger’s Midway 1400 University Avenue St. Paul MN 55104 124,136
410 Younkers Merle Hay 3800 Merle Hay Road, Su te 100 Des Moines IA 50310 165,000
412 Younkers Coralville 1421 Coral Ridge Avenue Coralville IA 52241 98,458
432 Younkers Eau Claire 4850 Golf Road Eau Claire WI 54701 102,000
438 Younkers Muskegon 5580 Harvey Street Muskegon MI 49444 106,131
440 Younkers Grandville 3668 Rivertown Parkway Grandville MI 49418 150,081
449 Younkers Duluth 1600 Miller Trunk Highway Duluth MN 55811 140,999
501 Bergner’s Bloomington 1601 Empire Street Bloomington IL 61701 131,616
503 Bergner’s Pekin 3500 Court Street Pekin IL 61553 82,100
508 Bergner’s Forsyth 1005 Hickory Point Mall Forsyth IL 62535 126,056
514 Carson’s Aurora Northgate 970 North Lake Street Aurora IL 60506 119,000
516 Carson’s Spring Hill 4000 Spring Hill Mall Dundee IL 60118 128,000
518 Bergner’s Wh te Oaks 2501 West Wabash Springfield IL 62704 125,000
521 Boston Store Racine 5500 Durand Avenue Racine WI 53406 106,157
533 Carson’s Edens Plaza 3200 Lake Avenue Wilmette IL 60091 155,000
549 Carson’s Michigan City 305 West US Highway 20 Michigan C ty IN 46360 76,121
550 Carson’s Hawthorn 3 Hawthorne Center Vernon Hills IL 60061 112,121
556 Carson’s Fox Valley 3 Fox Valley Center Drive Aurora IL 60504 120,000
572 Carson’s Rochester Hills 400 North Adams Road Rochester Hills MI 48309 61,233
573 Carson’s Partridge Creek 17480 Hall Road Clinton MI 48038 120,000
590 Carson’s Rockford D.C. 4650 Shepherd Trail Rockford -Owned IL 61103 520,000
“Quincy Property” Quincy IL
Count: 30Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 45 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 1 (e)
Intellectual Property
BON TON ENTITIES TRADEMARKS
Reg Number Serial Number Name Mark
966580 72435362 BRECKENRIDGE
1143734 73159353 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT
1395289 73471798 CARSONS
1332638 73495705 ELDER-BEERMAN
1392446 73543142 BON-TON STORES, INC., THE STUART HUGHES
1397712 73543145 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
SUSQUEHANNA TRAIL OUTFITTERS
1526191 73663359 PIZZA STRADA
1680687 74078995 THE BON-TON
1661242 74097054 THE BON-TON
1795407 74340081 YOUNKERS
1869666 74355074 CEZANI
2006730 74552885 Bon-Ton Trade Corp., The ANDREA VICCARO
2006731 74552975 JENNY BUCHANAN
2001829 74553100 CUDDLE BEAR
1935197 74580597 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (F/K/A
MCRAE’S, INC.)
MCRAE’S
2021357 74638895 COME TO THE RIGHT PLACE
2217957 75023572 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (F/K/A
MCRAE’S, INC.)
NATIONAL BANK OF THE GREAT LAKES
2015874 75045762 JENNY BUCHANAN
2635572 75348627 (RELATIVITY)
2385966 75348885 LIVING QUARTERS
2278878 75410193 HERBERGER’S
2278879 75410395 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
HERBERGER’S
2407600 75441794 STUDIO WORKS
2493154 75654658 LIVING QUARTERS
2412363 75857375 CHARGE AGAINST BREAST CANCER
2384258 75979374 RELATIVITY
2363348 75979521 CONSENSUS
76232809 BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES, INC. MADISON & MAX
3447275 76467824 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (F/K/A
MCRAE’S, INC.)
SHE SHE LA LÀ
2856632 76975745 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
MADISON & MAX
3292860 77035952 PARADISE COLLECTION
3436925 77055123 KENNETH ROBERTS PLATINUM
3483180 77183901 INTIMATE ESSENTIALS
3528518 77227149 EXERTEK
3709384 77359862 LITTLE MISS ATTITUDE
77364016 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
AUTHENTIC U
3632950 77520071 CELEBRATIONS REGISTRY FOR VERY
SPECIAL
OCCASIONS
3628605 77520170 CELEBRATIONS REGISTRY FOR VERY
SPECIAL
OCCASIONS
3570064 77553578 STUDIO WORKS
3666012 77577377 BOSTON STORE
3848434 77630455 MISS ATTITUDE
3842899 77814203 BT JEWELED
3881265 77836970 KENNETH ROBERTS
3909131 77881965 LIVING QUARTERS
3892546 77969650 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. BERGNER’S
2765740 78116121 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (RELATIVITY) DESIGN LAB
2934000 78191055 MISS ATTITUDE
78292100 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (F/K/A
MCRAE’S,
INC.)
PERFECT PIMA
78560181 MARKET STREET EAST
3217597 78867113 THE BON-TON TRADE, LLC SUSQUEHANNA TRAIL OUTFITTERS
3022152 78976395 BRECKENRIDGE
3069447 78976644 CHANTEUSE
85108157 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
CUSTOMER FIRST
4143662 85194375
4139987 85225140 KENNETH ROBERTS
4143891 85247954 JB
85476397 THE BON-TON STORES, INC. AFFINITY4259055 85495083 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
ZOE&BELLA@BT
4552374 85715679 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES,
INC.
CUDDLE BEAR
4357088 85733613 ZOE&BELLA @BT
4361044 85772207 CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. PARADISE COLLECTION
4507524 85850871 STYLE ON THE STREET
4998553 85920357 DESIGN DISTRICT
4496279 85929876 TRENDÉVOUS
4532638 86044801
4626285 86144251 BEAUTY STATION
4736593 86261094
4991097 86433458 BEAUTY STATION
5191722 86532617 CHEF’S QUARTERS
5396972 86898865 ZOE&BELLA @BT
5005143 86979074 CHEF’S QUARTERS
5135982 87019592 SANTA’S PANTRY
87063073 LOVESTYLEREWARDS
87063086 THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES
INC.
STYLEREWARDS
87368531 YULETIDE FARMS
87416731 DRESSOBSESSED
87418738 CLOSE TO HOME
87471882 THE BIG GRILL
87488334 MEYEWEAR
87492351 MEYEWEAR
87495174 FASHION TO GO
87495186 STYLE TO GO
87497118 STYLE 2 GO
87498911 FASHION 2 GO
87498969 TRAVEL QUARTERS
87505353 CUDDLE BEAR
87528193 LIVING QUARTERS
87535628 BETTER BRANDS. BIGGER SAVINGS.
87537827 ZOE&BELLA@BT
87626265 ZOE&BELLA@BTCase 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 46 of 60
Reg Number Serial Number Name Mark
87667636 EO
87697689 BUZZWORX
87706897 ZOE&BELLA@BT
87748141 MATTI & MAX
87762369 MATTI & MAX
BON TON ENTITIES COPYRIGHTS
Registration Number Title Type
TX4880277 Doing a good business: 100 years at the Bon-Ton Literary Work
TX1896055 Elder-Beerman Stores Corporation: a tradition of success Literary Work
TX5900922 A tale from Flurryville: the Berg’s big surprise Literary Work
TX5744198 Wow! what a cow: a tale from funky Literary Work
TX5638101 A tale from Flurryville: Arctic Bart finds his happy heart Literary Work
TX5658257 Holiday celebrations with recipes from Younkers Literary Work
TX6497902 Baxter shares his bear Literary Work
TX2217381 Parisian celebrating a century of service Literary Work
TX3196448 Presentation - a manual of standards and guidelines Literary Work
VA239074 Riverchase Galleria Parisian grand opening Visual Arts
VA81949 Made in Wisconsin Visual Arts
VA6480 Cratchits’ Christmas dinner Visual ArtsCase 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 47 of 60
Exhibit 2(b)(iv)
Form of Asset Designation Notice
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE
In re:
THE BON-TON STORES, INC., et al.,1
Debtor.
Chapter 11
Case No. 18-10248 (MFW)
Jointly Administered
NOTICE OF DESIGNATION OF ASSET PURCHASER
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to the Order Approving Debtors’ Entry Into Agency Agreement and Consummation of the Transactions
Contemplated Thereby (the “Approval Order”) [D.I. ____],2 Purchaser hereby designates the entity identified on Schedule A  (“Designee ”) annexed hereto as the
assignee of the Assets identified on Schedule A  (the  “Designated Assets ”) pursuant to the agreement between Purchaser, as agent for the Debtors, and
Designee, an abstract of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the “Purchase Agreement ”).
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that pursuant to the Approval Order, upon the closing of the transaction pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Designated Assets shall be deemed conveyed to Designee by the Debtors free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances, and other interests of any kind.
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification number, are: The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. (5229); The Bon-Ton
Department Stores, Inc. (9309); The Bon-Ton Giftco, LLC (2805); Carson Pirie Scott II, Inc. (2140); Bon-Ton Distribution, LLC (5855); McRIL, LLC (5548); Bonstores Holdings
One, LLC (8574); Bonstores Realty One, LLC (8931); Bonstores Holdings Two, LLC (8775); and Bonstores Realty Two, LLC (9075). The headquarters for the above-captioned
Debtors is 2801 East Market Street, Bldg. E, York, Pennsylvania 17402.
2 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Notice have the meanings given thereto in the Approval Order.Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 48 of 60
Dated: [_], 2018 [COUNSEL TO PURCHASER]
Wilmington, Delaware
_____________________________Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 49 of 60
Exhibit 2(b)(iv)
Form of Asset Designation Notice
Schedule A
Designated Assets DesigneeCase 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 50 of 60
Exhibit 2(b)(xiii)
Form of Lease/Contract Assumption Notice
IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE
In re:
THE BON-TON STORES, INC., et al.,1
Debtor.
Chapter 11
Case No. 18-10248 (MFW)
Jointly Administered
NOTICE OF ASSUMPTION AND ASSIGNMENT OF [LEASES] / [CONTRACTS]
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to the Order Approving Debtors’ Entry Into Agency Agreement and Consummation of the Transactions
Contemplated Thereby (the “Approval Order”) [D.I.___],2 Purchaser hereby designates the entities identified on Schedule A  annexed hereto as the assignees of
the corresponding Leases and/or Contracts.
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the cure amounts for the Leases and/or Contracts to be assigned pursuant to this Notice and the Approval
Order are set forth on Schedule A .
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that objections, if any, to the assumption and assignment of any Lease or Contract must be filed with the
Bankruptcy Court and served on counsel for Purchaser at the addresses (including e-mail addresses) set forth in the signature block of this Notice on or before
[_], 2018.3 If no timely objection to the assumption and assignment of a Lease or Contract is received, the assumption and assignment of such Lease or Contract
will become effective automatically pursuant to the Approval Order on the date
1 The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, along with the last four digits of each Debtor’s federal tax identification number, are: The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. (5229);
The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc. (9309); The Bon-Ton Giftco, LLC (2805); Carson Pirie Scott II, Inc. (2140); Bon-Ton Distribution, LLC (5855); McRIL,
LLC (5548); Bonstores Holdings One, LLC (8574); Bonstores Realty One, LLC (8931); Bonstores Holdings Two, LLC (8775); and Bonstores Realty Two, LLC
(9075). The headquarters for the above-captioned Debtors is 2801 East Market Street, Bldg. E, York, Pennsylvania 17402.
2 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Notice have the meanings given thereto in the Approval Order.
3 [First business day that is at least 15 days from notice date]Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 51 of 60
identified on Schedule A . If a timely objection to the assumption and assignment of a Lease or  Contract is timely filed and served by an entity with appropriate
standing, such assignment shall not become effective until agreed to by the parties or ordered by the Court.
Dated: [_], 2018 [COUNSEL TO PURCHASER]
Wilmington, Delaware
_____________________________Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 52 of 60
Exhibit 2(b)(xiii)
Form of Lease/Contract Assumption Notice
Schedule A
Description
Counterparty Name and
Address
Assignee Name
and Address Cure Amount
Effective Date
of AssignmentCase 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 53 of 60
Exhibit 3.1(c)
Wind Down Payment Budget
Budget
Expense Vendors $ 16.2
Payroll 35.5
Severance 3.4
Retention -
IBNR 4.0
Sales Tax 7.91
Interest -
Professional Fees 15.82
Contingency 1.0
Stub Rent & Free Rent 8.0
503(b)(9) 2.0
Other -
Total $ 93.8
Plus: Severance and Retention in Agent’s
Expenses 5.7
Total After Severance and Retention in Agent’s Expenses $ 99.5
1 Reduced to account for the fact that $6 million of sales taxes are already included in the DIP Obligations per email from J. Guglielmo dated April
17, 2018.
2 For the avoidance of doubt, the Professional Fees shall be paid, without duplication, either as part of the payoff of the DIP Obligations or as part of the Wind
Down Payment.Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 54 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 4.1(c) - Occupancy - Per Diem
Full Company Liquidation Store Closing List
Excludes Distribution Centers
TOTAL - PER DIEM
Store # Store Name Base Rent
Common
Area
Maintenance
/ LL
Property
Insurance
Real
Estate
Taxes Insurance
Building
Repair &
Maint.
Occupancy
Other Security Communications Utilities Supplies
Equip.
Leases
Eqiup.
Maint
Other
Taxes Total
2 Hanover 1,162 89 362 27 117 20 11 54 194 42 5 4 - 2,087
4 Lewistown - - 62 23 78 21 11 41 133 42 5 4 - 419
5 Martinsburg 458 75 - 35 102 22 18 40 172 52 6 4 131 1,115
6 Chambersburg 581 92 95 22 80 18 10 48 194 43 6 4 - 1,193
7 Park City Furn 941 142 138 12 62 545 14 42 95 31 2 4 - 2,027
8 Park City 749 123 1,597 128 385 34 28 52 2,023 275 15 4 - 5,412
12 Cumberland 767 65 142 31 114 23 20 39 228 74 26 4 36 1,568
14 Galleria 2,918 146 171 69 279 108 19 54 390 105 12 4 35 4,308
15 Uniontown 893 111 170 35 121 46 11 44 384 87 10 4 29 1,944
17 Indiana 499 - 84 15 100 19 6 42 155 56 8 4 - 986
18 Warren 305 - - 21 111 21 10 42 158 37 6 4 - 714
19 Wilton 722 120 227 27 129 39 28 38 409 74 12 4 - 1,829
21 Oil City 693 38 23 24 113 20 7 50 142 41 6 4 - 1,162
22 Brick 2,118 651 507 33 159 59 34 42 254 67 8 4 - 3,936
25 Binghamton 776 - 1,222 32 126 21 14 41 247 59 7 4 - 2,550
27 Williamsport 606 101 151 24 95 18 8 44 196 41 5 4 - 1,294
28 Bloomsburg 455 - - 19 86 18 26 39 152 44 5 4 - 849
29 Queensgate 1,877 310 450 39 165 166 30 42 320 79 11 4 19 3,513
31 Camp Hill - - 415 62 461 206 15 52 513 130 10 6 2 1,872
32 Colonial Park 384 388 295 54 354 110 13 46 443 78 7 4 - 2,176
35 Reading 902 162 985 91 302 205 15 44 510 131 11 4 52 3,415
36 Greensburg - 126 401 42 262 20 20 50 320 79 9 4 11 1,344
37 Washington 319 - - 21 119 16 17 43 219 50 6 4 20 832
38 Midway 700 212 225 30 119 27 11 40 194 60 6 4 - 1,629
39 Wilkes-Barre 747 79 505 55 295 133 13 43 521 106 9 4 39 2,549
43 Newburgh 939 52 359 27 102 23 35 39 291 63 6 4 - 1,939
44 Ithaca 1,085 147 301 320 138 24 15 53 244 57 6 4 - 2,393
46 Jamestown 793 67 19 32 95 22 19 43 220 74 14 4 - 1,401
48 Westfield 1,832 534 801 57 128 48 16 44 397 94 13 4 5 3,973
62 Eastern Hills 1,320 54 - 53 336 269 26 38 319 99 10 4 - 2,528
63 Sheridan 715 104 78 47 197 235 38 43 300 85 7 4 - 1,851
64 Southgate 1,066 223 242 40 166 190 19 41 249 80 8 4 - 2,328
65 McKinley 1,038 177 95 41 145 143 23 44 203 82 6 4 - 2,000
67 Lockport - - 343 115 340 19 26 47 212 92 9 4 - 1,205
68 Olean 522 51 57 27 108 20 12 42 166 71 12 4 - 1,092
69 Niagara 772 314 - 31 139 118 19 37 262 64 7 4 - 1,766
72 Bethlehem 1,407 70 381 182 223 185 17 42 490 121 25 4 47 3,194
73 S. Allentown 1,191 300 317 61 186 27 14 40 535 98 12 4 47 2,830
76 Easton 560 42 299 45 162 68 13 44 400 88 10 4 26 1,759
78 Quakertown 420 349 296 41 116 164 12 46 324 89 10 4 1 1,873
81 Doylestown 1,668 234 139 52 125 23 30 43 230 174 17 4 1 2,739
84 Elmira 531 105 209 24 102 65 25 50 343 73 10 4 - 1,539
94 Camillus 674 100 375 31 109 21 15 39 172 71 6 4 - 1,618
101 Dayton Mall 9,393 343 605 116 320 35 29 48 692 206 17 4 - 11,808
107 Huber Heights 1,255 143 619 62 178 61 28 39 332 101 12 4 - 2,832
115 Beavercreek 2,496 232 838 165 276 168 31 107 559 140 18 4 - 5,034
117 Piqua 370 126 60 29 94 18 8 40 210 52 8 4 - 1,020
118 Athens 518 52 49 235 86 27 10 44 161 37 10 4 - 1,234
119 New
Philadelphia
718 81 289 34 106 198 21 46 380 65 8 4 1 1,952
121 Kettering 622 122 423 51 182 24 40 36 358 82 9 4 - 1,955
125 Lancaster 420 58 241 29 83 19 10 41 311 51 5 4 - 1,272
126 Heath 990 82 240 33 103 134 18 39 285 57 7 4 - 1,992
128 Zanesville - 89 111 25 141 17 10 39 284 45 7 4 - 771
129 Marion 1,014 138 28 27 94 18 12 41 251 35 6 4 - 1,667
130 Chillicothe 936 125 189 34 102 22 17 59 426 61 7 4 - 1,983
132 Richmond - - 199 38 141 96 15 40 357 53 7 4 67 1,017Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 55 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 4.1(c) - Occupancy - Per Diem
Full Company Liquidation Store Closing List
Excludes Distribution Centers
TOTAL - PER DIEM
Store #  Store
Name Base Rent
Common
Area
Maintenance
/ LL
Property
Insurance
Real
Estate
Taxes Insurance
Building
Repair
&
Maint.
Occupancy
Other Security Communications Utilities Supplies
Equip.
Leases
Eqiup.
Maint
Other
Taxes Total
137
Sandusky
817 632 80 22 142 29 13 36 508 54 7 4 2 2,346
138 Plover 1,439 185 320 35 91 28 12 43 181 71 19 4 17 2,443
140 Kohler 1,430 231 275 28 90 22 12 59 212 57 11 7 21 2,456
142 West
Bend
1,451 151 286 31 101 33 19 48 270 72 18 4 29 2,512
143
Coldwater
1,375 84 156 24 107 18 9 41 204 60 5 9 26 2,116
144 Alliance 1,261 136 52 59 92 19 15 38 197 54 6 4 - 1,934
147
Wooster
1,042 179 262 32 114 21 17 57 227 53 5 4 - 2,013
148
Morgantown
900 80 170 31 117 27 9 40 261 58 13 4 189 1,899
150 Warsaw 1,541 - 182 42 150 79 12 56 366 83 12 4 51 2,580
151
Frankfort
1,326 48 162 27 88 23 14 37 228 62 11 4 76 2,105
152 Findlay 992 83 122 36 142 18 11 38 278 51 7 4 - 1,782
153 Bowling
Green
505 84 13 21 85 18 8 43 186 46 8 4 - 1,022
154 Howell 1,430 199 226 36 129 28 24 53 265 84 7 4 18 2,503
155
Westgate
1,075 - 325 74 367 293 35 46 1,008 130 9 6 - 3,368
159 Monroe 1,654 379 302 38 106 380 24 46 431 69 6 4 41 3,482
161 Midland 640 63 510 46 140 29 21 46 316 73 9 4 43 1,939
163 Jackson 838 258 247 40 118 20 23 47 390 75 8 4 44 2,113
173
Muscatine
699 - - 21 80 19 13 45 159 40 5 4 - 1,085
175
Mattoon
524 76 14 22 94 26 9 47 194 34 14 4 - 1,059
178 Jasper 1,167 136 157 32 108 25 17 47 232 72 10 4 49 2,056
179 Terre
Haute
725 147 249 42 111 23 23 40 356 50 6 4 71 1,847
182 Muncie 986 78 284 40 125 79 17 44 259 56 7 4 67 2,045
184
Kokomo
1,607 95 40 29 111 24 14 48 204 63 9 4 29 2,278
186 Green
Bay Furn
665 - - 22 81 591 20 32 126 37 6 4 5 1,589
189
Southtown
443 - 417 34 126 623 32 112 311 23 4 4 - 2,129
199 Fort
Wayne
2,338 171 491 47 166 106 17 46 585 117 7 3 158 4,251
203
Clarksburg
1,556 923 410 34 174 272 31 47 412 80 6 4 186 4,134
205 Ashland 832 98 39 26 104 15 10 50 301 50 7 4 62 1,598
206
Kanawha
1,144 78 169 35 113 23 26 47 303 66 12 4 188 2,209
209
Winfield
1,747 - 94 105 131 23 16 46 211 87 7 4 83 2,554
310 St Cloud 100 - 188 57 276 31 17 63 386 78 12 3 0 1,214
311 Virginia 908 251 109 43 129 35 19 48 381 100 8 3 1 2,033
312 Rice
Lake
534 212 89 25 137 22 10 45 133 49 6 3 17 1,282
313 Fergus
Falls
491 - - 23 93 19 3 43 158 49 5 3 1 888
314 New
Ulm
592 - 79 27 159 19 17 44 181 45 6 3 1 1,172
315
Watertown
337 143 29 52 109 27 14 37 191 43 7 3 - 992
316
Alexandria
946 426 293 56 140 23 13 52 192 106 23 3 1 2,274
317 Havre 472 66 19 29 88 31 7 38 156 36 10 3 12 967
318
LaCrosse
1,085 93 172 31 200 114 31 51 216 123 9 3 25 2,153
319 Albert
Lea
770 133 155 26 115 38 6 38 216 53 8 3 - 1,559
320
Moorhead
1,713 34 227 67 194 67 19 42 303 123 10 3 1 2,803
321
Bismarck
1,122 117 243 119 171 35 16 45 348 108 11 3 - 2,339
323
Brainerd
1,332 12 245 49 140 26 18 60 312 104 8 3 1 2,309
325 Billings 765 368 196 32 182 23 13 61 36 57 22 4 43 1,801
326
Ottumwa
613 176 55 24 126 25 7 43 226 59 6 3 - 1,362
327 Great
Falls
- - 169 48 114 21 9 40 227 68 7 3 45 751
328 Rapid
City
1,576 137 270 56 153 22 14 44 534 76 9 3 - 2,894
329 Rock
Springs
1,330 76 81 31 92 40 46 36 187 52 5 3 11 1,991
330 375 108 103 31 109 19 5 42 147 51 6 3 - 999Dickinson
331 Minot 651 73 289 33 118 19 11 50 175 65 6 3 - 1,494
332 Willmar 1,496 261 226 51 178 33 13 66 335 94 9 3 1 2,766
334 Norfolk 1,116 281 163 35 126 24 17 39 239 50 5 3 5 2,103
335
Hastings
469 52 21 27 91 20 8 55 182 43 7 3 5 983
336 North
Platte
598 294 108 25 85 18 5 40 145 44 7 3 3 1,375
338
Kearney
1,138 77 186 56 190 33 14 51 349 123 32 3 16 2,268
339
Scottsbluff
1,084 102 94 36 151 22 18 48 214 70 8 3 8 1,857Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 56 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 4.1(c) - Occupancy - Per Diem
Full Company Liquidation Store Closing List
Excludes Distribution Centers
TOTAL - PER DIEM
Store# Store Name Base Rent
Common
Area
Maintenance
/ LL
Property
Insurance
Real
Estate
Taxes Insurance
Building
Repair &
Maint.
Occupancy
Other Security Communications Utilities Supplies
Equip.
Leases
Eqiup.
Maint
Other
Taxes Total
340 Kalispell 1,177 151 31 64 122 43 20 44 173 84 7 3 19 1,937
341 Blaine 1,515 183 250 76 315 75 22 47 493 155 14 4 1 3,148
342 Stillwater 1,941 - 508 86 267 47 23 46 436 137 54 3 1 3,549
343 Aberdeen 990 167 117 80 107 28 9 43 225 83 7 3 - 1,861
344 Grand Junction 1,117 134 211 51 129 26 21 46 286 122 14 3 38 2,199
345 Mankato 1,004 119 313 48 146 28 27 47 256 94 14 3 1 2,101
348 Bemidji 722 79 96 35 122 24 10 48 202 59 8 3 1 1,410
349 Butte 808 100 134 55 102 26 13 43 203 68 5 3 15 1,576
351 Missoula 1,000 221 333 25 166 30 12 39 236 49 12 3 20 2,148
352 Fargo 1,698 952 247 78 262 87 31 58 707 153 10 4 - 4,286
353 Rosedale 1,795 1,023 708 112 375 136 36 51 722 219 28 3 - 5,207
354 Midway - 355 908 56 219 39 38 44 507 99 9 3 0 2,278
355 Southtown 2,298 1,038 1,707 83 312 104 17 62 552 202 19 3 2 6,399
356 Edina 2,514 152 613 62 324 33 22 39 791 129 9 3 1 4,692
357 Rochester 1,018 1 - 66 131 44 27 53 709 106 34 3 1 2,192
401 Ames 254 84 211 24 102 34 8 50 167 62 10 3 - 1,007
402 Mason City 708 196 23 31 144 31 19 70 266 64 6 3 - 1,560
403 Fort Dodge 600 54 20 27 108 41 12 72 170 76 10 3 - 1,195
404 Marshalltown 373 60 17 41 99 21 8 60 195 58 6 3 - 940
406 Oak View 1,926 192 476 81 199 36 16 79 650 198 11 4 22 3,890
408 Waterloo 646 36 122 35 174 21 14 44 292 84 8 4 5 1,483
409 Austin 255 45 - 24 116 17 9 45 389 43 6 3 1 953
410 Merle Hay - 231 496 62 252 329 19 53 266 111 7 3 - 1,828
412 Coralville - 142 604 59 361 44 17 49 275 141 8 3 - 1,704
413 Lindale Plaza 868 182 732 53 228 37 19 44 416 131 8 3 - 2,722
414 Jordan Creek 2,117 192 760 98 290 75 32 50 516 169 16 3 - 4,318
418 Dubuque 721 242 319 54 161 195 46 57 525 116 8 3 - 2,447
419 Westroads 118 1,064 520 129 330 56 45 77 689 263 18 3 45 3,356
421 Davenport 669 263 292 35 152 121 17 45 270 77 7 4 7 1,960
422 Moline 1,188 56 264 92 199 174 23 52 315 82 8 3 2 2,457
423 Southridge 539 - - 30 148 132 14 48 367 64 7 3 - 1,352
424 Sioux Falls 1,223 295 325 94 241 144 13 44 469 160 12 3 - 3,022
429 Southern Hills 1,012 270 667 114 241 63 23 51 284 113 10 3 - 2,853
430 West Burlington 779 168 101 27 97 42 26 65 300 56 10 3 - 1,674
432 Eau Claire - 187 396 53 173 309 21 52 372 94 10 3 38 1,707
437 Valley West 981 193 1,512 410 364 151 26 74 519 278 27 12 - 4,546
438 Muskegon - 196 305 69 124 27 20 32 550 154 27 3 49 1,558
439 Sturgeon Bay 452 - 102 29 148 197 19 146 184 43 6 3 13 1,343
440 Grandville - 275 589 95 249 44 40 62 775 185 28 3 85 2,431
443 Traverse City 524 116 - 35 86 21 10 48 385 49 10 3 14 1,301
445 Lansing 1,555 176 286 52 168 224 8 48 473 89 8 3 73 3,163
447 Lincoln 930 210 277 59 255 32 31 57 377 110 9 3 11 2,362
448 Marshfield 308 16 - 21 83 50 13 58 171 88 6 3 14 830
449 Duluth - 124 600 203 311 51 20 51 767 278 11 3 1 2,421
451 Grand Island 467 59 85 29 106 30 8 42 217 69 6 3 8 1,129
457 Bay Park 2,556 78 717 92 198 166 31 72 406 135 13 4 51 4,521
463 Holland 399 152 49 44 91 52 10 47 254 79 8 3 31 1,219
464 Okemos 4,083 293 943 74 238 329 29 42 826 172 9 3 82 7,120
465 Port Huron 791 - - 30 96 40 15 51 308 68 8 4 25 1,438
475 Bay City 1,836 170 101 57 136 390 23 50 481 138 8 3 20 3,414
501 Bloomington 287 885 377 65 264 122 25 63 412 147 11 3 - 2,661
502 LaSalle Peru 616 86 95 59 157 136 24 53 378 80 9 3 - 1,695
503 Pekin 384 115 144 37 139 19 33 49 241 73 8 3 - 1,244
504 Champaign 1,351 546 143 66 208 140 26 73 699 146 11 3 - 3,410
505 Galesburg 493 95 49 34 117 24 27 58 311 47 6 3 - 1,262
507 Quincy 112 226 232 63 150 92 41 123 365 91 11 4 - 1,511Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 57 of 60
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Exhibit 4.1(c) - Occupancy - Per Diem
Full Company Liquidation Store Closing List
Excludes Distribution Centers
TOTAL - PER DIEM
Store # Store Name Base Rent
Common
Area
Maintenance
/ LL
Property
Insurance
Real Estate
Taxes Insurance
Building
Repair &
Maint.
Occupancy
Other Security Communications Utilities Supplies
Equip.
Leases
Eqiup.
Maint
Other
Taxes Total
508 Forsyth 92 280 251 42 185 112 24 58 298 74 7 3 - 1,427
510 Janesville 573 75 284 80 157 36 18 106 315 97 10 4 22 1,778
511 Sterling 837 168 10 27 107 21 17 116 206 63 7 3 - 1,582
512
Cherryvale
1,060 180 490 89 206 46 65 46 483 153 11 3 - 2,833
515 Joliet 1,895 108 229 71 185 96 29 113 589 153 12 4 6 3,487
516 Spring Hill - 207 325 68 178 32 21 135 416 127 11 4 0 1,523
517 Randhurst 1,385 352 2,216 119 312 99 41 68 511 288 28 3 2 5,423
518 White
Oaks
324 41 390 65 210 138 23 59 673 123 11 3 - 2,059
519 Milwaukee
Grand Ave
18 128 276 28 294 104 185 73 988 99 6 3 0 2,204
520 Bayshore 1,230 182 571 113 477 65 38 76 843 245 38 4 165 4,045
521 Racine 1 178 494 61 256 32 14 99 501 134 11 4 71 1,855
522 Brookfield 4,254 24 847 209 550 122 25 50 1,447 346 49 5 151 8,078
523 Southridge 3,575 682 901 113 451 234 33 87 927 222 23 4 195 7,446
526 East
Towne
1,526 194 321 78 165 204 20 63 630 144 10 3 63 3,422
527 Mayfair 3,897 241 1,335 142 571 225 77 87 1,286 306 50 3 243 8,463
528 West
Towne
3,016 195 420 105 281 96 21 73 558 212 34 4 103 5,119
529 Brookfield
Furniture
2,334 - 270 43 157 1,223 8 65 171 41 10 3 8 4,333
530 Evergreen 2,395 93 92 106 356 122 44 119 635 204 34 4 2 4,206
531 Yorktown 2,358 519 755 175 561 123 48 147 736 365 20 4 - 5,810
532 Woodmar 629 258 1 53 299 64 20 108 399 147 10 3 94 2,084
533 Edens
Plaza
- 615 1,729 92 273 58 33 97 590 290 22 3 1 3,802
535 Stratford
Square
1,347 369 342 69 237 95 33 69 381 135 11 3 7 3,099
538 Chicago
Ridge
2,233 86 2,236 126 331 52 44 82 616 293 28 3 8 6,140
539 Harlem
Irving
2,308 2,678 1,211 232 435 84 69 64 698 320 32 3 13 8,148
541 North
Riverside
1,447 505 1,372 112 692 205 58 68 679 208 15 5 5 5,372
542 Southlake 1,068 194 624 93 266 51 29 58 783 207 11 4 111 3,498
543 Orland
Square
1,603 68 1,960 170 356 73 40 82 650 448 51 3 2 5,506
546 Yorktown
Furniture
1,542 205 505 35 74 996 18 72 119 29 5 3 - 3,602
547 Edens
Furniture
2,007 59 911 29 81 915 18 53 106 34 5 3 1 4,221
548
Schaumburg
Furniture
1,663 158 1,011 36 87 807 23 49 118 32 5 3 1 3,994
549 Michigan
City
53 170 - 44 127 21 19 74 366 80 7 3 61 1,026
550 Hawthorn 450 378 207 64 212 41 39 91 583 146 8 3 2 2,223
551 Ford City 539 218 686 82 204 185 64 60 1,404 203 11 3 - 3,658
552
Lincolnwood
2,696 - 2,025 90 281 61 40 62 823 207 18 3 2 6,309
553 Bradley 2,311 63 430 63 161 147 67 67 431 120 10 3 2 3,873
554 St Charles 1,176 - - 49 194 119 43 67 740 130 10 3 - 2,532
555 Hawthorn
Furniture
Gallery
1,563 175 - - 72 462 11 - - - - 3 - 2,287
556 Fox Valley 660 387 349 163 436 29 35 66 676 125 8 4 - 2,938
561 Orland
Park Furniture
2,186 72 - 57 81 1,267 15 52 155 36 4 4 1 3,929
563 Grand
Prairie
2,588 257 835 122 276 33 29 66 503 232 15 4 0 4,961
571 Laurel
Park
4,792 - 543 135 402 67 42 123 1,005 360 16 4 108 7,597
572 Rochester
Hills
13 219 390 103 357 38 31 56 651 230 19 4 97 2,209
573 Partridge
Creek
2,237 179 421 157 196 33 16 43 697 200 10 4 53 4,247
579 Naperville
Frn Clear.
242 - 62 11 86 259 9 1 619 39 1 1 - 1,331
212 Total 230,444 39,426 73,743 12,953 39,000 22,497 4,725 11,540 82,672 22,322 2,419 779 4,513 547,032Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 58 of 60
EXHIBIT 8.1
SALE GUIDELINES
A. The Sale shall be conducted so that the Stores in which sales are to occur will remain open no longer than during the normal hours of operation provided for
in the respective leases for the Stores.
B. The Sale shall be conducted in accordance with applicable state and local “Blue Laws”, where applicable, so that no Sale shall be conducted on Sunday unless
the Merchant had been operating such Store on a Sunday.
C. On “shopping center” property, Agent shall not distribute handbills, leaflets or other written materials to customers outside of any Stores’ premises, unless
permitted by the lease or, if distribution is customary in the “shopping center” in which such Store is located; provided that Agent may solicit customers in the
Stores themselves. On “shopping center” property, Agent shall not use any flashing lights or amplified sound to advertise the Sale or solicit customers, except as
permitted under the applicable lease or agreed to by the landlord.
D. At the conclusion of the Sale or the Designation Rights Period, as applicable, Agent shall vacate the Stores in broom clean condition; provided that Agent
may abandon any FF&E not sold in the Sale at the Stores, the Distribution Centers, the Headquarters, or Merchant’s other corporate offices at the conclusion of
the Sale or the Designation Rights Period, as applicable, without cost or liability of any kind to Agent. Any abandoned FF&E left in a Store or Distribution Center,
the Headquarters, or Merchant’s other corporate offices after a lease is rejected shall be deemed abandoned to the landlord having a right to dispose of the same
as the landlord chooses without any liability whatsoever on the part of the landlord to any party and without waiver of any damage claims against the Merchant.
For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Sale Termination Date or termination of the Designation Rights Period, as applicable, Agent may abandon, in place and
without further responsibility or liability of any kind, any FF&E located at a Store or, Distribution Center, the Headquarters, or Merchant’s other corporate offices.
E. Following, and subject to, the entry of the Approval Order, Agent may advertise the Sale as a “store closing”, “sale on everything”, “everything must go” or
similar-themed sale, as dictated by the Approval Order.
F. Agent shall be permitted to utilize display, hanging signs, and interior banners in connection with the Sale; provided, however , that such display, hanging
signs, and interior banners shall be professionally produced and hung in a professional manner. The Merchant and Agent shall not use neon or day-glo on its
display, hanging signs, or interior banners. Furthermore, with respect to enclosed mall locations, no exterior signs or signs in common areas of a mall shall be
used unless otherwise expressly permitted in these Sale Guidelines. In addition, the Merchant and Agent shall be permitted to utilize exterior banners at (i) non-
enclosed mall Stores and (ii) enclosed mall Stores to the extent the entrance to the applicable Store does not require entry into the enclosed mall common area;
provided, however , that such banners shall be located or hung so as to make clear that the Sale is being conducted only at the affected Store, shall not be wider
than the storefront of the Store, and shall not be larger than 4 feet x 40 feet. In addition, the Merchant and Agent shall be permitted to utilize sign walkers in a safe
and professional manner and in accordance with the terms of the Approval Order. Nothing contained in these Sale Guidelines shall be construed to create or
impose upon Agent any additional restrictions not contained in the applicable lease agreement.Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 59 of 60
F. Conspicuous signs shall be posted in the cash register areas of each of the affected Stores to effect that “all sales are final.”
G. Except with respect to the hanging of exterior banners, Agent shall not make any alterations to the storefront or exterior walls of any Stores.
H. Agent shall not make any alterations to interior or exterior Store lighting. No property of the landlord of a Store shall be removed or sold during the Sale. The
hanging of exterior banners or in- Store signage and banners shall not constitute an alteration to a Store.
I. Agent shall keep Store premises and surrounding areas clear and orderly consistent with present practices.
J. Subject to the provisions of the Agreement, Agent shall have the right to sell all Owned FF&E at the Closing Stores and the Distribution Centers, the
Headquarters and (subject to any side letter between JV Agent and Purchaser, which shall not in any way affect Merchant’s rights under the Agreement) and
Purchaser shall have the right to sell all Owned FF&E at the Designation Rights Stores and the Nebraska Distribution Center. JV Agent may advertise the sale of
the Owned FF&E in a manner consistent with these guidelines at the Closing Stores and the Indiana Distribution Center and Purchaser may advertise the sale of
the Owned FF&E in a manner consistent with these guidelines at the Designation Rights Stores and the Nebraska Distribution Center. The purchasers of any
Owned FF&E sold during the sale shall be permitted to remove the Owned FF&E either through the back shipping areas at any time, or through other areas after
applicable business hours. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Sale Termination Date or the termination of the Designation Rights Period, as applicable, Agent
may abandon, in place and without further responsibility, any FF&E at the Stores, the Distribution Centers, the Headquarters, and Merchant’s other corporate
offices.
K. Agent shall be entitled to include Additional Agent Merchandise in the Sale in accordance with the terms of the Approval Order and the Agreement.
L. At the conclusion of the Sale at each Store, pending assumption or rejection of applicable leases, the landlords of the Stores shall have reasonable access to
the Stores’ premises as set forth in the applicable leases. The Merchant, Agent and their agents and representatives shall continue to have access to the Stores
as provided for in the Agreement.
M. Post-petition rents shall be paid by the Merchant as required by the Bankruptcy Code until the rejection or assumption and assignment of each lease. Agent
shall have no responsibility to the landlords therefor.
N. The rights of landlords against Merchant for any damages to a Store shall be reserved in accordance with the provisions of the applicable lease.
O. If and to the extent that the landlord of any Store affected hereby contends that Agent or Merchant is in breach of or default under these Sale Guidelines, such
landlord shall email or deliver written notice by overnight delivery on the Merchant, JV Agent and Purchaser as follows:
If to Agent :
Great American Group, LLC
Attn: Scott Carpenter (scarpenter@greatamerican.com )Case 18-10248-
MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 60 of 60
Alan Forman (aforman@brileyfin.com)
and
Tiger Capital Group, LLC
Attn: Christopher Huber (chuber@tigergroup.com )
Mark Naughton ( mnaughton@tigergroup.com )
and
Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB
Attn: [_]
With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Lowenstein Sandler LLP
Counsel to Great American Group LLC
Attn: Kenneth A. Rosen ( krosen@lowenstein.com )
Andrew Behlmann (abehlmann@lowenstein.com )
and
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP Counsel to WSFS
Attn: David Posner (dposner@kilpatricktownsend.com )
and
Jones Day
Counsel to Second Lien Noteholders
Attn: Sidney P. Levinson (slevinson@jonesday.com )
Joshua M. Mester ( jmester@jonesday.com)
John Kane (jkkane@jonesday.com)
If to Merchant :
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:Exhibit 1.2
ATHENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION up to    Shares (subject to increase up to    shares) COMMON SHARES ($.01 Par Value) Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share AGENCY AGREEMENT  , 2009  
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Investment Banking 10 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3400 Chicago, Illinois 60606  
Ladies and Gentlemen:  
Athens Bancshares Corporation, a Tennessee corporation (the “Company”), and Athens Federal Community Bank, a federal savings bank located in Athens, Tennessee (the “Bank”) (references to the “Bank” include the Bank in mutual or stock form as indicated by the context), the deposit accounts of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), hereby confirm their agreement with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (the “Agent”) as follows:  
Section 1. The Offering. The Bank, in accordance with its plan of conversion adopted by its Board of Directors (the “Plan”), intends to convert from a federally-chartered mutual savings bank to a federal stock savings bank (the “Conversion”), and issue all of its issued and outstanding capital stock to the Company. The Conversion will be accomplished pursuant to federal law and the rules and regulations of the Office of Thrift Supervision (the “OTS”). Pursuant to the Plan, the Company will offer and sell up to shares (subject to increase up to shares) of its common stock, $.01 par value per share (the “Shares” or “Common Shares”), in a subscription offering (the “Subscription Offering”) to (1) depositors of the Bank with Qualifying Deposits (as defined in the Plan) as of March 31, 2008 (“Eligible Account Holders”), (2) the employee stock ownership plan established by either the Bank or the Company (the “ESOP”), (3) depositors of the Bank with Qualifying Deposits as of September 30, 2009 (“Supplemental Eligible Account Holders”), and (4) other depositor and borrower members of the Bank as defined in the Plan. Subject to the prior subscription rights of the above-listed parties, the Company may offer for sale in a community offering (the “Community Offering” and when referred to together with or subsequent to the Subscription Offering, the “Subscription and Community Offering”) the Shares not subscribed for or ordered in the Subscription Offering to members of the general public to whom a copy of the Prospectus (as hereinafter defined) is delivered with a preference given first to natural persons who are residents of Blount, Bradley, Hamilton, Knox, Loudon, McMinn, Meras, Monroe and Polk Counties in Tennessee. It is anticipated that shares not subscribed for in the Subscription and Community Offering may be offered to certain members of the general public on a best efforts basis through a selected dealers agreement (the “Syndicated Community Offering”) (the Subscription Offering, Community Offering and Syndicated Community Offering are collectively referred to as the “Offering”). It is acknowledged that the purchase of Shares in the Offering is subject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as described in the Plan and that the Company may reject, in whole or in part, any orders received in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering.  
In connection with the Conversion and pursuant to the terms of the Plan as described in the Prospectus, immediately following the consummation of the Conversion, subject to the approval of the Bank’s depositors and compliance with certain conditions as may be imposed by regulatory authorities, the Company will contribute $100,000 and 100,000 shares of Common Stock to the Athens Federal Foundation (the “Foundation”) such shares hereinafter being referred to as the (“Foundation Shares”).The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-   ) (the “Registration Statement”), containing a prospectus relating to the Offering, for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”), and has filed such amendments thereof and such amended prospectuses as may have been required to the date hereof. The term “Registration Statement” shall include any documents incorporated by reference therein and all financial schedules and exhibits thereto, as amended, including post-effective amendments. The prospectus, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the Registration Statement initially became effective is hereinafter called the “Prospectus,” except that if any Prospectus is filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1933 Act (the “1933 Act Regulations”) differing from the prospectus on file at the time the Registration Statement initially became effective, the term “Prospectus” shall refer to the prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time said prospectus is filed with the Commission.  
In accordance with Title 12, Part 563b of the Code of Federal Regulations (the “Conversion Regulations”), the Bank has filed with the OTS an Application For Conversion on Form AC (the “Form AC”), including the Prospectus and the Conversion Valuation Appraisal Report prepared by Keller & Company, Inc. (the “Appraisal”) and has filed such amendments thereto as may have been required by the OTS. The Form AC has been approved by the OTS and the related Prospectus has been authorized for use by the OTS. In addition, the Company has filed with the OTS its Application H-(e)l-S (the “Holding Company Application”) to become a savings and loan holding company under the Home Owners’ Loan Act, as amended (“HOLA”) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Control Act Regulations”).  
Section 2. Retention and Compensation of Agent. Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company and the Bank hereby appoint the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and marketing agent (i) to utilize its best efforts to solicit subscriptions for Common Shares and to advise and assist the Company and the Bank with respect to the Company’s sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to participate in the Offering in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation (if necessary).  
On the basis of the representations, warranties, and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Agent accepts such appointment and agrees to consult with and advise the Company and the Bank as to the matters set forth in the letter agreement, dated June 9, 2009, between the Bank and the Agent (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A) (the “Engagement Letter”). It is acknowledged by the Company and the Bank that the Agent shall not be required to purchase any Shares or be obligated to take any action which is inconsistent with all applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders.  
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the “End Date”). All fees or expenses due to the Agent but unpaid will be payable to the Agent in next day funds at the earlier of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) or the End Date. In the event the Offering is extended beyond the End Date, the Company and the Agent may agree to renew this Agreement under mutually acceptable terms.  
In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of    Shares within the period herein provided, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from them plus accrued interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the Offering is terminated for any reason not attributable to the action or inaction of the Agent, the Agent shall be paid the fees due to the date of such termination pursuant to subparagraphs (a) and (d) below.  
2The Agent shall receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:  
(a) A management fee of $30,000 payable in four consecutive monthly installments of $7,500 each commencing with the execution of the Engagement Letter. This fee shall be deemed to have been earned when due and shall be non-refundable.  
(b) A success fee upon completion of the Offering of 1.125% of the aggregate purchase price of the Common Shares sold in the Subscription Offering and Community Offering excluding shares purchased by the Bank’s officers, directors, or employees (or members of their immediate family), any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock-based compensation plans (except IRAs) or similar plan created by the Bank or the Company for some or all of its directors or employees, or contributed to any charitable foundation established by the Bank in connection with the Conversion. In no event shall the success fee paid for the sale of Common Stock in the Subscription and Community Offering be less than $200,000. The management fee will be applied against the first success fee.  
(c) If any of the Common Shares remain available after the Subscription Offering, at the request of the Company, the Agent will seek to form a syndicate of registered broker-dealers (“Selected Dealers”) to assist in the sale of such Common Shares on a best efforts basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the selected dealers agreement. The Agent will endeavor to distribute the Common Shares among the Selected Dealers in a fashion which best meets the distribution objectives of the Bank and the Plan. The Agent will be paid a fee not to exceed 5.5% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares sold in the Syndicated Community Offering. The Agent will pass onto the Selected Dealers who assist in the Syndicated Community Offering an amount competitive with gross underwriting discounts charged at such time for comparable amounts of stock sold at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment. Fees with respect to purchases effected with the assistance of Selected Dealers other than the Agent shall be transmitted by the Agent to such Selected Dealers. The decision to utilize Selected Dealers will be made by the Company upon consultation with the Agent.  
(d) The Company and the Bank shall reimburse the Agent for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including costs of travel, meals and lodging, photocopying, telephone, facsimile and couriers. The Company and the Bank will reimburse the Agent for the fees and expenses of the Agent’s counsel which will not exceed $50,000. The Company will bear the expenses of the Offering customarily borne by issuers including, without limitation, regulatory filing fees, SEC, “Blue Sky,” and FINRA filing and registration fees; the fees of the Company’s accountants, attorneys, appraiser, transfer agent and registrar, printing, mailing and marketing and syndicate expenses associated with the conversion; and the fees set forth under this Section 2; and any fees for Blue Sky legal work.  
Full payment of the Agent’s actual and accountable expenses, advisory fees and compensation shall be made in next day funds on the earlier of the Closing Date or a determination by the Bank to terminate or abandon the Offering. The payment of such expenses assume no unusual circumstances or delays, or a re-solicitation in connection with the subscription and community offering. The Company and the Bank acknowledge that such expense cap may be increased by mutual consent, including in the event of a material delay in the Offering which would require an update of the financial information in tabular form to reflect a period later than that set forth in the original filing.  
Section 3. Sale and Delivery of Shares. If all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Conversion, including without limitation, the sale of all Shares required by the Plan to be sold, are satisfied, the Company agrees to issue, or have issued, the Shares sold in the Offering and to release for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing Date against payment to the Company by any means authorized by the Plan; provided, however, that no funds shall be released to the Company until the conditions specified in Section 8 hereof shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent and its counsel. The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be made on a date and at a place acceptable to the Company, the Bank and the Agent. Certificates for shares shall be delivered  
3directly to the purchasers in accordance with their directions. The date upon which the Company shall release or deliver the shares sold in the Offering, in accordance with the terms herein, is called the “Closing Date.”  
Section 4. Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Bank. The Company and the Bank jointly and severally represent and warrant to and agree with the Agent as follows:  
(a) The Registration Statement which was prepared by the Company and the Bank and filed with the Commission has been declared effective by the Commission, no stop order has been issued with respect thereto and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened by the Commission. At the time the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus contained therein (including any amendment or supplement), became effective, at the Applicable Time (as defined in Section 4(c) hereof) and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus contained therein (including any amendment or supplement thereto), and any information regarding the Company contained in Sales Information (as such term is defined in Section 9(a) hereof) authorized by the Company for use in connection with the Offering, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and at the time any Rule 424(b) or (c) Prospectus is filed with the Commission and at the Closing Date referred to in Section 2 hereof, the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto) and any information regarding the Company contained in Sales Information (as such term is defined in Section 9(a) hereof) authorized by the Company for use in connection with the Offering will contain all statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and warranties in this Section 4(a) shall not apply to statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent or its counsel expressly regarding the Agent for use in the Prospectus under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Marketing Arrangements” or statements in or omissions from any Sales Information or information filed pursuant to state securities or blue sky laws or regulations regarding the Agent.  
(b) At the time of filing the Registration Statement relating to the offering of the Shares and at the date hereof, the Company was not, and is not, an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement and at the time of the use of any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433(h) of the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company met the conditions required by Rules 164 and 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations for the use of a free writing prospectus. If required to be filed, the Company has filed any issuer free writing prospectus related to the offered Shares at the time it is required to be filed under Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations and, if not required to be filed, will retain such free writing prospectus in the Company’s records pursuant to Rule 433(g) of the 1933 Act Regulations and if any issuer free writing prospectus is used after the date hereof in connection with the offering of the Shares the Company will file or retain such free writing prospectus as required by Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations.  
(c) As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus, all considered together (collectively, the “General Disclosure Package”), nor (ii) any individual Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Prospectus included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities or any Issuer-Represented Free  
4Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement:  
1. “Applicable Time” means each and every date when a potential purchaser submitted a subscription or otherwise committed to purchase Securities.  
2. “Statutory Prospectus”, as of any time, means the Prospectus relating to the offered Shares that is included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Shares immediately prior to the Applicable Time, including any document incorporated by reference therein.  
3. “Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus” means any “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433(h) of the 1933 Act Regulations, relating to the offered Shares in the form filed or required or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Company’s records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the 1933 Act Regulations. The term does not include any writing exempted from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act, without regard to Rule 172 or Rule 173 of the 1933 Act Regulations.  
4. “Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors.  
5. “Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus. The term Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus also includes any “bona fide electronic road show,” as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, that is made available without restriction pursuant to Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise, even though not required to be filed with the Commission.  
6. “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus” means any free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations that is consented to by the Company, the Bank and the Agent.  
(d) Each Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus, as of its date of first use and at all subsequent times through the completion of the Offering and sale of the offered Shares or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Agent (as described in the next sentence), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following the date of first use of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Shares or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has notified or will notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-Represented Free-Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented and the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.  
(e) The Form AC, which was prepared by the Company and the Bank and filed with the OTS, has been approved by the OTS and the related Prospectus and proxy statement to be delivered to members of the Bank have been authorized for use by the OTS and the Form AC complied in all material respects with the Conversion Regulations. No order has been issued by the OTS or the FDIC preventing or  
5suspending the use of the Prospectus or the proxy statement, and no action by or before any such government entity to revoke any approval, authorization or order of effectiveness related to the Offering is pending or threatened. At the time of the approval of the Form AC, including the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto) by the OTS and at all times subsequent thereto until the Closing Date, the Form AC, including the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto), will comply in all material respects with the Conversion Regulations, except to the extent waived or otherwise approved by the OTS. The Form AC, including the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto), does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and warranties in this Section 4(e) shall not apply to statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent or its counsel expressly regarding the Agent for use in the Prospectus contained in the Form AC under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Marketing Arrangements.”  
(f) The Company has filed the Holding Company Application with the OTS and the Holding Company Application is accurate and truthful. The Company has received written notice from the OTS of its approval of the acquisition of the Bank, such approval remains in full force and effect and no order has been issued by the OTS suspending or revoking such approval and no proceedings therefor have been initiated or threatened by the OTS. At the date of such approval, the Holding Company Application complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of HOLA and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  
(g) The Company and the Bank have filed the Prospectus and any supplemental sales literature with the Commission and the OTS. The Prospectus and all supplemental sales literature, as of the date the Registration Statement became effective and on the Closing Date referred to in Section 2, complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act Regulations and, at or prior to the time of their first use, will have received all required authorizations of the OTS and Commission for use in final form. No approval of any other regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the distribution of the Prospectus and any supplemental sales literature that has not been obtained and a copy of which has been delivered to the Agent. The Company and the Bank have not distributed any offering material in connection with the Offering except for the Prospectus and any supplemental sales material that has been filed with the Registration Statement and the Form AC and authorized for use by the Commission and the OTS. The information contained in the supplemental sales material filed as an exhibit to both the Registration Statement and the Form AC does not conflict with information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.  
(h) The Plan has been adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Company and the Bank and, at the Closing Date, will have been approved by the members of the Bank, and the offer and sale of the Shares will have been conducted in all material respects in accordance with the Plan, the Conversion Regulations except to the extent waived or otherwise approved by the OTS, and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Offering imposed upon the Company and the Bank by the OTS, the Commission, or any other regulatory authority and in the manner described in the Prospectus. To the best knowledge of the Company and the Bank, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the OTS in approving the Conversion pursuant to the HOLA or any other statute or regulation.  
(i) The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing as a federally-chartered savings bank in mutual form of organization and upon completion of the Conversion will become a duly organized and validly existing federally-chartered savings bank in permanent capital stock form oforganization, in both instances duly authorized to conduct its business and own its property as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; the Bank has obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business, except those that individually or in the  
6aggregate would not materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Bank is in compliance with all material laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operation of its business, except where failure to be in compliance would not materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; the Bank is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, unless the failure to be so qualified in one or more of such jurisdictions would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Bank (“Material Adverse Effect”). The Bank does not own equity securities or any equity interest in any other business enterprise except as described in the Prospectus or as would not be material to the operations of the Bank. Upon completion of the sale by the Company of the Shares contemplated by the Prospectus, (i) all of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank will be duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and owned directly by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrances or legal or equitable claim and (ii) the Company will have no direct subsidiaries other than the Bank and no indirect subsidiaries other than Southland Finance, Inc., Ti-Serv, Inc. and Valley Title Services, LLC (the “Subsidiaries”). The Conversion will be effected in all material respects in accordance with all applicable statutes, regulations, decisions and orders; and, except with respect to the filing of certain post-sale, post-Conversion reports, and documents in compliance with the 1933 Act Regulations, the Conversion Regulations or letters of approval, at the Closing Date, all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Conversion imposed by the Commission, the OTS and the FDIC, if any, will have been complied with by the Company and the Bank in all material respects or appropriate waivers will have been obtained and all applicable notice and waiting periods will have been satisfied, waived or elapsed.  
(j) The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Tennessee with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and, at the Closing Date, the Company will be qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the financialcondition, results of operations or business of the Company. At the Closing Date, the Company will have obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business except those that individually or in the aggregate would not materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations will be in full force and effect, and the Company will be in all material respects complying with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operation of its business. There are no outstanding warrants or options to purchase any securities of the Company.  
(k) The Subsidiaries are each duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Tennessee with full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct their businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and are duly qualified to do business as foreign corporations and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole. The activities of the Subsidiaries are permissible to subsidiaries of federal savings banks. The Subsidiaries have each obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of its business except those that individually or in the aggregate would not materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; all such licenses, permits and governmental authorizations will be in full force and effect, and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects complying with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the operation of their respective business. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Subsidiaries have been duly  
7authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and owned by the Bank directly, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim.  
(l) The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (“FHLB-Cincinnati”). The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, and no proceedings for the termination or revocation of such insurance are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened. The Bank is a “qualified thrift lender” within the meaning of 12 U.S.C. §l467a(m).  
(m) The Bank and the Company have good and marketable title to all real property and good title to all other assets material to the business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole, and to those properties and assets described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus as owned by them, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions, except such as are described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, or are not material to the business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole, under which, the Company or the Bank hold properties, including those described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, are in full force and effect.  
(n) The Company has received an opinion of its special counsel, Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, with respect to the federal income tax consequences of the Conversion and an opinion of its tax advisor, Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC, with respect to the Tennessee income tax consequences of the Conversion; all material aspects of such opinions are accurately summarized in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The Company and the Bank represent and warrant that the facts upon which such opinions are based are truthful, accurate and complete. Neither the Company nor the Bank will take any action inconsistent therewith.  
(o) Each of the Company and the Bank has all such power, authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into this Agreement, to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and to issue and sell the Shares to be sold by the Company as provided herein and as described in the Prospectus, subject to approval or confirmation by the OTS of the final appraisal of the Bank. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Bank and the Company. This Agreement has been validly executed and delivered by the Company and the Bank and is the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Company and the Bank enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or the rights of creditors of savings and loan holding companies, the accounts of whose subsidiaries are insured by the FDIC, or by general equity principles, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and except to the extent, if any, that the provisions of Sections 9 and 10 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy).  
(p) Neither the Company nor the Bank is in violation of any directive received from the OTS, the FDIC, or any other agency to make any material change in the method of conducting its business so as to comply in all material respects with all applicable statutes and regulations (including, without limitation, regulations, decisions, directives and orders of the OTS and the FDIC) and, except as may be set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or by any court, regulatoryauthority or governmental agency or body, pending or threatened, which might materially and adversely affect the Offering, as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or which might result in any material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole, or which would materially affect their properties and assets.  
8(q) The consolidated financial statements, schedules and notes related thereto which are included in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly present the balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in equity capital and statement of cash flows of the Bank and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at the respective dates indicated and for the respective periods covered thereby and comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the 1933 Act Regulations and Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Such consolidated financial statements, schedules and notes related thereto have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) consistently applied through the periods involved, present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein and are consistent with the most recent financial statements and other reports filed by the Bank with the OTS, except that accounting principles employed in such regulatory filings conform to the requirements of the OTS and not necessarily to GAAP. The other financial, statistical and pro forma information and related notes included in the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein on a basis consistent with the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Bank included in the Prospectus, and as to the pro forma adjustments, the adjustments made therein have been properly applied on the basis described therein.  
(r) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement including the Prospectus: (i) there has not been any material adverse change, financial or otherwise, in the condition of the Company and the Bank and their subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, or in the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Company and the Bank and their subsidiaries, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business; (ii) there has not been any material increase in the long-term debt of the Bank or in the principal amount of the Bank’s assets which are classified by the Bank as impaired, substandard, doubtful or loss or in loans past due 90 days or more or real estate acquired by foreclosure, by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or deemed in-substance foreclosure or any material decrease in equity capital or total assets of the Bank; nor has the Company or the Bank issued any securities (other than in connection with the incorporation of the Company) or incurred any liability or obligation for borrowing other than in the ordinary course of business; (iii) there have not been any material transactions entered into by the Company or the Bank; (iv) there has not been any material adverse change in the aggregate dollar amount (on a consolidated basis with the Bank) of the Company’s deposits or its net worth; (v) there has been no material adverse change in the Company’s or the Bank’s relationship with its insurance carriers, including, without limitation, cancellation or other termination of the Company’s or the Bank’s fidelity bond or any other type of insurance coverage; (vi) except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no material change in management of the Company or the Bank; (vii) neither the Company nor the Bank has sustained any material loss or interference with its respective business or properties from fire, flood, windstorm, earthquake, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance; (viii) neither the Company nor the Bank has defaulted in the payment of principal or interest on any outstanding debt obligations; (ix) the capitalization, liabilities, assets, properties and business of the Company and the Bank conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (x) neither the Company nor the Bank has any material contingent liabilities, except as set forth in the Prospectus.  
(s) Neither the Company nor the Bank is (i) in violation of their respective charters or bylaws (and the Bank will not be in violation of its charter or bylaws in stock form upon completion of the Conversion), or (ii) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant, or condition contained in any material contract, lease, loan agreement, indenture or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated will not: (i) conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the assets of the Company or the Bank pursuant to the respective charters or bylaws of the Company or the Bank or any contract, lease or other instrument in which the Company or the Bank has a beneficial interest, or any applicable law, rule, regulation or order; (ii) violate any authorization, approval, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or the Bank, except for  
9such violations which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and the Bank on a consolidated basis; or (iii) result in the creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property of the Company or the Bank.  
(t) All documents made available to or delivered or to be made available to or delivered by the Company and the Bank or their representatives in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares, including records of account holders and depositors of the Bank, or in connection with the Agent’s exercise of due diligence, except for those documents which were prepared by parties other than the Company or the Bank or their representatives, to the best knowledge of the Company and the Bank, were on the dates on which they were delivered, or will be on the dates on which they are to be delivered, true, complete and correct in all material respects.  
(u) No default exists, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default on the part of the Company or the Bank in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, bank loan or credit agreement or any other instrument or agreement to which the Company or the Bank is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is bound or affected, except such defaults which would not have a material adverse affect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole; such agreements are in full force and effect and are the legal, valid and binding agreements of the applicable party and the other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity; and no other party to any such agreements has instituted or, to the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened any action or proceeding wherein the Company or the Bank would or might be alleged to be in default thereunder, where such action or proceeding, if determined adversely to the Company or the Bank, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or business of the Company or the Bank, taken as a whole. There are no contracts or documents that are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus which are not so filed or described as required, and such contracts and documents as are summarized in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus are fairly summarized therein in all material respects. No party has sent or received any notice indicating the termination of or intention to terminate any of the contracts or agreements referred to or described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, or filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and, to the knowledge of the Company and the Bank, no such termination has been threatened by any party to any such contract or agreement.  
(v) Upon consummation of the Conversion, the authorized, issued and outstanding equity capital of the Company will be within the range set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization,” and no Shares have been or will be issued and outstanding prior to the Closing Date; the Shares will have been duly and validly authorized for issuance and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plan against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plan and in the Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, except for shares purchased by the ESOP with funds borrowed from the Company to the extent payment therefor in cash has not been received by the Company; except to the extent that subscription rights and priorities pursuant thereto exist pursuant to the Plan, no preemptive rights exist with respect to the Shares; and the terms and provisions of the Shares will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The Shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to issuance. Upon the issuance of the Shares, good title to the Shares will be transferred from the Company to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor, subject to such claims as may be asserted against the purchasers thereof by third-party claimants.  
(w) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Shares, except for the  
10approval of the Commission and the OTS, and any necessary qualification, notification, registration or exemption under the securities or blue sky laws of the various states in which the Shares are to be offered, and except as may be required under the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”)  
(x) Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC, which has certified the audited financial statements and schedules of the Bank included in the Prospectus, has advised the Company and the Bank in writing that they are, with respect to the Company and the Bank, independent registered public accountants within the applicable rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
(y) Keller & Company, Inc., which has prepared the Valuation Appraisal Report (as amended or supplemented, if so amended or supplemented) of the Bank, has advised the Bank in writing that it is independent of the Company and the Bank within the meaning of the Conversion Regulations.  
(z) The Company and the Bank have timely filed or extended all required federal, state and local tax returns; the Company and the Bank have paid all taxes that have become due and payable in respect of such returns, except where permitted to be extended, have made adequate reserves for similar future tax liabilities and no deficiency has been asserted with respect thereto by any taxing authority. The Company and the Bank have no knowledge of any tax deficiency which has been or might be assessed against either of them which, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, could have, individually or in the aggregate with other tax deficiencies, a Material Adverse Effect. All material tax liabilities have been adequately provided for in the financial statements of the Company and the Bank in accordance with GAAP. There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under Federal law or the laws of any state, or any political subdivision thereof, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or with the issuance or sale by the Company of the Shares.  
(aa) The Company and the Bank are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the regulations and rules thereunder.  
(bb) To the knowledge of the Company and the Bank, none of the Company, the Bank or the employees of the Company or the Bank has made any payment of funds of the Company or the Bank as a loan for the purchase of the Shares or made any other payment of funds prohibited by law, and no funds have been set aside to be used for any payment prohibited by law.  
(cc) Neither the Company nor the Bank has: (i) issued any securities within the last 18 months (except for notes to evidence bank loans and reverse repurchase agreements or other liabilities in the ordinary course of business or as described in the Prospectus); (ii) had any material dealings within the 12 months prior to the date hereof with any member of the FINRA, or any person related to or associated with such member, other than discussions and meetings relating to the proposed Offering and routine purchases and sales of United States government and agency and other securities in the ordinary course of business; (iii) entered into a financial or management consulting agreement except as contemplated hereunder; and (iv) engaged any intermediary between the Agent and the Company or the Bank in connection with the offering of the Shares, and no person is being compensated in any manner for such service. Appropriate arrangements have been made for placing the funds received from subscriptions for Shares in a special interest-bearing account with the Bank until all Shares are sold and paid for, with provision for refund to the purchasers in the event that the Offering is not completed for whatever reason or for delivery to the Company if all Shares are sold.  
(dd) The Company and the Bank have not relied upon the Agent or its legal counsel for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the Conversion.  
11(ee) The records used by the Company and the Bank to determine the identities of Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Members are accurate and complete in all material respects.  
(ff) The Company is not required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  
(gg) Neither the Company nor the Bank or any properties owned or operated by the Company or the Bank, is in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law (as defined below), except for such violations or liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole. There are no actions, suits or proceedings, or demands, claims, notices or investigations (including, without limitation, notices, demand letters or requests for information from any environmental agency) instituted or pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened relating to the liability of any property owned or operated by the Company or the Bank under any Environmental Law. For purposes of this subsection, the term “Environmental Law” means any federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization, approval, consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with any regulatory authority relating to (i) the protection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water, vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of any substance presently listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, whether by type or by quantity, including any material containing any such substance as a component.  
(hh) The Company has filed a registration statement to register for the Common Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”).  
(ii) The Company and its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets, (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and (D) the recorded accounts or assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect thereto. The books, records and accounts and systems of internal accounting control of the Company and its subsidiaries comply in all material respects with the requirements of Section 13(b)(2) of the 1934 Act. The Company has established and maintains “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act) that are effective in ensuring that the information it will be required to disclose in the reports it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management (including the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer) in a timely manner and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. To the knowledge of the Company and the Bank,    and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors have been advised of: (A) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which could adversely affect Company’s and the Bank’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s or the Bank’s internal accounting controls.  
(jj) All of the loans represented as assets of the Company or the Bank in the Prospectus meet or are exempt from all requirements of federal, state and local law pertaining to lending, including, without limitation, truth in lending (including the requirements of Regulation Z and 12 C.F.R. Part 226), real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, equal credit opportunity and all disclosure laws  
12applicable to such loans, except for violations which, if asserted, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or business of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole.  
(kk) To the Company’s and the Bank’s knowledge, there are no affiliations or associations between any member of the FINRA and any of the Company’s or the Bank’s officers, directors or 5% or greater securityholders, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.  
(ll) The Company has taken all actions necessary to obtain at Closing a Blue Sky Memorandum from Kilpatrick Stockton LLP.  
(mm) Any certificates signed by an officer of the Company or the Bank pursuant to the conditions of this Agreement and delivered to the Agent or their counsel that refers to this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company or the Bank, as the case may be, to the Agent as to the matters covered thereby with the same effect as if such representation and warranty were set forth herein.  
(nn) The Company and the Bank carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks at they deem reasonably adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties.  
(oo) Subsequent to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except as otherwise may be indicated or contemplated in the Registration Statement, neither the Company nor the Bank has or will have issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money, except borrowings from the same or similar sources indicated in the Prospectus in the ordinary course of its business.  
(pp) All Sales Information (as defined in Section 9(a)) used by the Company in connection with the Conversion that is required by the OTS and the Commission to be filed has been filed with and approved by the OTS and the Commission.  
(qq) The statistical and market related data contained in any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement are based on or derived from sources which the Company and the Bank believe were reliable and accurate at the time they were filed with the Commission. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the 1933 Act and Section 21E of the 1934 Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.  
(rr) Except for the Bank’s profit sharing/401(k) plan, neither the Company nor the Bank maintains any other “pension plan,” as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”). In addition, (A) the employee benefit plans, including employee welfare benefit plans, of the Company or the Bank (the “Employee Plans”) have been operated in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), all regulations, rulings and announcements promulgated or issued thereunder and all other applicable laws and governmental regulations, (B) no reportable event under Section 4043(c) of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan of the Company or the Bank for which the reporting requirements have not been waived by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, (C) no prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, for which an exemption does not apply, has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan of the Company or the Bank and (D) all Employee Plans that are group health plans have been operated in compliance with the group health plan continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code, except to the extent such noncompliance, reportable event or prohibited transaction would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of  
13the Company and the Bank, threatened, claims by or on behalf of any Employee Plan, by any employee or beneficiary covered under any such Employee Plan or by any governmental authority, or otherwise involving such Employee Plans or any of their respective fiduciaries (other than for routine claims for benefits).  
Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants to the Company and the Bank as follows:  
(a) The Agent is a corporation and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of New York with full power and authority to provide the services to be furnished to the Company and the Bank hereunder.  
(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Agent, and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Agent and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Agent, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, conservatorship, receivership or other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and (ii) general equity principles regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.  
(c) Each of the Agent and its employees, agents and representatives who shall perform any of the services hereunder shall be duly authorized and empowered, and shall have all licenses, approvals and permits necessary to perform such services; and the Agent is a registered selling agent in each of the jurisdictions in which the Shares are to be offered by the Company in reliance upon the Agent as a registered selling agent as set forth in the blue sky memorandum prepared with respect to the Offering.  
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Agent, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the terms and provisions hereof will not conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms, provisions or conditions of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default) under, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Agent or any agreement, indenture or other instrument to which the Agent is a party or by which it or its property is bound.  
(e) No approval of any regulatory or supervisory or other public authority is required in connection with the Agent’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, except as may have been received.  
(f) There is no suit or proceeding or charge or action before or by any court, regulatory authority or government agency or body or, to the knowledge of the Agent, pending or threatened, which might materially adversely affect the Agent’s performance under this Agreement.  
Section 6. Covenants of the Company and the Bank. The Company and the Bank hereby jointly and severally covenant and agree with the Agent as follows:  
(a) The Company will not, at any time after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective, file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement without providing the Agent and its counsel an opportunity to review such amendment or supplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object.  
(b) If at any time following issuance of an Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Represented Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a  
14material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at the subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has notified or will notify promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented and the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission; provided, however, that this covenant shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Agent expressly for use therein.  
(c) The Company and the Bank represent and agree that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, and the Agent represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company or the Bank, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the offered Shares that would constitute an “issuer free writing prospectus” as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, or that would constitute a “free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company, the Bank and the Agent is hereinafter referred to as a “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.” The Company and the Bank represent that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping. The Company and the Bank need not treat any communication as a free writing prospectus if it is exempt from the definition of prospectus pursuant to Clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the 1933 Act without regard to Rule 172 or 173 of the 1933 Act Regulations.  
(d) The Bank will not, at any time after the Form AC is approved by the OTS, file any amendment or supplement to such Form AC without providing the Agent and its counsel an opportunity to review such amendment or supplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object.  
(e) The Company will not, at any time after the Holding Company Application is approved by the OTS, file any amendment or supplement to such Holding Company Application without providing the Agent and its counsel an opportunity to review the non-confidential portions of such amendment or supplement or file any amendment or supplement to which amendment or supplement the Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object.  
(f) The Company and the Bank will use their best efforts to cause any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission and any post-effective amendment to the Form AC or the Holding Company Application to be approved by the OTS and will immediately upon receipt of any information concerning the events listed below notify the Agent: (i) when the Registration Statement, as amended, has become effective; (ii) when the Form AC or the Holding Company Application, as amended, has been approved by the OTS; (iii) of any comments from the Commission, the OTS or any other governmental entity with respect to the Conversion contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) of the request by the Commission, the OTS or any other governmental entity for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Form AC, Holding Company Application or for additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission, the OTS or any other governmental entity of any order or other action suspending the Conversion or the use of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any other filing of the Company or the Bank under the Conversion Regulations, or other applicable law, or the threat of any such action; (vi) of the issuance by the Commission, the OTS or any authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the initiation or threat of initiation or threat of any proceedings for that purpose; or (vii) of the occurrence of any event mentioned in paragraph (h) below. The Company and the Bank will make every reasonable effort (i) to prevent the issuance by the Commission, the OTS or any other state  
15authority of any such order and, (ii) if any such order shall at any time be issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible time.  
(g) The Company and the Bank will deliver to the Agent and to its counsel two conformed copies of the Registration Statement, the Form AC or the Holding Company Application, as originally filed and of each amendment or supplement thereto, including all exhibits. Further, the Company and the Bank will deliver such additional copies of the foregoing documents to counsel to the Agent as may be required for any FINRA filings.  
(h) The Company and the Bank will furnish to the Agent, from time to time during the period when the Prospectus (or any later prospectus related to this offering) is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of such Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as the Agent may reasonably request for the purposes contemplated by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act (the “1934 Act Regulations”). The Company authorizes the Agent to use the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if amended or supplemented) in any lawful manner contemplated by the Plan in connection with the sale of the Shares by the Agent.  
(i) The Company and the Bank will comply with any and all material terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Offering imposed by the Commission, the OTS or the Conversion Regulations, and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations to be complied with prior to or subsequent to the Closing Date and when the Prospectus is required to be delivered, and during such time period the Company and the Bank will comply, at their own expense, with all material requirements imposed upon them by the Commission, the OTS or the Conversion Regulations, and by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 under the 1934 Act, in each case as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales or dealing in the Common Shares during such period in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. The Company will comply with all undertakings contained in the Registration Statement.  
(j) If, at any time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered, any event relating to or affecting the Company or the Bank shall occur, as a result of which it is necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or in the reasonable opinion of the Agent’s counsel, to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to make the Registration Statement or Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, the Company will immediately so inform the Agent and prepare and file, at its own expense, with the Commission and the OTS, and furnish to the Agent a reasonable number of copies, of an amendment or amendments of, or a supplement or supplements to, the Registration Statement or Prospectus (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel after a reasonable time for review) which will amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus so that as amended or supplemented it will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances existing at the time the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading. For the purpose of this Agreement, the Company will timely furnish to the Agent such information with respect to itself and the Bank as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.  
(k) The Company and the Bank will take all necessary actions in cooperating with the Agent and furnish to whomever the Agent may direct such information as may be required to qualify or register the Shares for offering and sale by it or to exempt such Shares from registration, or to exempt the Company as a broker-dealer and its officers, directors and employees as broker-dealers or agents under the applicable securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in which the Shares are required under the Conversion Regulations to be sold or as the Agent and the Company may reasonably agree upon; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of  
16process, to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified, or to register its directors or officers as brokers, dealers, salesmen or agents in any jurisdiction. In each jurisdiction where any of the Shares shall have been qualified or registered as above provided, the Company will make and file such statements and reports in each fiscal period as are or may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction.  
(l) The liquidation account for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders will be duly established and maintained in accordance with the requirements of the Conversion Regulations, and such Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders who continue to maintain their savings accounts in the Bank will have an inchoate interest in their pro rata portion of the liquidation account, which shall have a priority superior to that of the holders of the Common Stock in the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank.  
(m) The Company and the Bank will not sell or issue, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, for a period of 90 days after the Closing Date, without the Agent’s prior written consent, any of their shares of their common stock, other than the Common Shares or other than in connection with any plan or arrangement described in the Prospectus.  
(n) The Company will register its common stock under Section 12(b) of the 1934 Act. The Company shall maintain the effectiveness of such registration for not less than three years from the time of effectiveness or such shorter period as may be required by the OTS.  
(o) During the period during which the Common Shares are registered under the 1934 Act or for three years from the date hereof, whichever period is greater, the Company will furnish to its shareholders as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year an annual report of the Company (including a consolidated balance sheet and statements of consolidated income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the end of and for such year, certified by independent public accountants in accordance with Regulation S-X under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act) and make available as soon as practicable after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year (beginning with the first fiscal quarter ending after the effective time of the Registration Statement) financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries for such quarter in reasonable detail.  
(p) During the period of three years from the date hereof, the Company will furnish to the Agent: (i) as soon as practicable after such information is publicly available, a copy of each report of the Company furnished to or filed with the Commission under the 1934 Act or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted (including, but not limited to, reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and all proxy statements and annual reports to stockholders), (ii) a copy of each other non-confidential report of the Company mailed to its shareholders or filed with the Commission, the OTS or any other supervisory or regulatory authority or any national securities exchange or system on which any class of securities of the Company is listed or quoted, each press release and material news items and additional documents and information with respect to the Company or the Bank as the Agent may reasonably request; and (iii) from time to time, such other nonconfidential information concerning the Company or the Bank as the Agent may reasonably request.  
(q) The Company and the Bank will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “Use of Proceeds.”  
(r) Other than as permitted by the Conversion Regulations, the HOLA, the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations and the rules and regulations and the laws of any state in which the Shares are registered or qualified for sale or exempt from registration, the Company will not distribute any prospectus, offering circular or other offering material in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.  
17(s) The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than 60 days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with the provisions of Rule 158 of the 1933 Act Regulations) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first day of the Company’s fiscal quarter next following the effective date (as defined in such Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.  
(t) The Company will use its best efforts to obtain and maintain a listing of the Common Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market on or prior to the Closing Date.  
(u) The Bank will maintain appropriate arrangements for depositing all funds received from persons mailing or delivering subscriptions for or orders to purchase Shares in the Offering with the Bank or another financial institution whose deposits are insured by the FDIC, on an interest-bearing basis at the rate described in the Prospectus until the Closing Date and satisfaction of all conditions precedent to the release of the Company’s or the Bank’s obligation to refund payments received from persons subscribing for or ordering Shares in the Offering in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus or until refunds of such funds have been made to the persons entitled thereto or withdrawal authorizations canceled in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus. The Bank will maintain such records of all funds received to permit the funds of each subscriber to be separately insured by the FDIC (to the maximum extent allowable) and to enable the Bank to make the appropriate refunds of such funds in the event that such refunds are required to be made in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus.  
(v) The Company will report the use of proceeds of the Offering in accordance with Rule 463 under the 1933 Act.  
(w) The Company will promptly take all necessary action to register as savings and loan holding company under the HOLA.  
(x) The Company and the Bank will take such actions and furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent in order for the Agent to ensure compliance with the FINRA Rule 2790.  
(y) Neither the Company nor the Bank, will amend the Plan without notifying the Agent and the Agent’s counsel prior thereto.  
(z) The Company shall assist the Agent, if necessary, in connection with the allocation of the Shares in the event of an oversubscription and shall provide the Agent with any information necessary to assist the Company in allocating the Shares in such event and such information shall be accurate and reliable in all material respects.  
(aa) Prior to the Closing Date, the Company will inform the Agent of any event or circumstances of which it is aware as a result of which the Registration Statement and/or Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, would contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading.  
(bb) The Company will not deliver the Shares until the Company and the Bank have satisfied or caused to be satisfied each condition set forth in Section 8 hereof, unless such condition is waived in writing by the Agent.  
(cc) Subsequent to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission and prior to the Closing Date, except as otherwise may be indicated or contemplated therein or set forth in an amendment or supplement thereto, neither the Company nor the Bank will have: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money, except  
18borrowings from the same or similar sources indicated in the Prospectus in the ordinary course of its business, or (ii) entered into any transaction which is material in light of the business and properties of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole.  
(dd) The Company shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Foundation submits, within the time frames required by applicable law, a request to the Internal Revenue Service to be recognized as a tax-exempt organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. The Company will not take any action which will result in the possible loss of the Foundation’s tax exempt status.  
(ee) Until the Closing Date, the Company and the Bank will conduct their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws, rules, regulations, decisions, directives and orders, including all decisions, directives and orders of the Commission, the FDIC and the OTS.  
(ff) The Company and the Bank shall comply in all material respects with any and all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Offering imposed by the OTS, the Conversion Regulations, the Commission, the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations to be complied with subsequent to the Closing Date. The Company will comply with all provisions of all undertakings contained in the Registration Statement.  
(gg) The facts and representations provided to Kilpatrick Stockton LLP by the Bank and the Company and upon which Kilpatrick Stockton LLP will base its opinion under Section 8(c)(1) are and will be truthful, accurate and complete.  
(hh) The Company and the Bank will not distribute any offering material in connection with the Offering except for the Prospectus and any supplemental sales material that has been filed with the Registration Statement and the Form AC and authorized for use by the Commission and the OTS. The information contained in any supplemental sales material (in addition to the supplemental sales material filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and the Form AC) shall not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.  
(ii) The Company will comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and all applicable rules, regulations, guidelines and interpretations promulgated thereunder by the Commission.  
Section 7. Payment of Expenses. Whether or not the Conversion is completed or the sale of the Shares by the Company is consummated, the Company and the Bank jointly and severally agree to pay or reimburse the Agent for: (a) all filing fees in connection with all filings related to the Conversion with the FINRA; (b) any stock issue or transfer taxes which may be payable with respect to the sale of the Shares; (c) subject to Section 2(d), all expenses of the Conversion, including but not limited to the Agent’s attorneys’ fees and expenses, blue sky fees, transfer agent, registrar and other agent charges, fees relating to auditing and accounting or other advisors and costs of printing all documents necessary in connection with the Offering. In the event the Company is unable to sell the minimum number of shares necessary to complete the Conversion or the Conversion is terminated or otherwise abandoned, the Company and the Bank shall promptly reimburse the Agent in accordance with Section 2(d) hereof.  
In the event that the Agent incurs any expenses on behalf of the Company or the Bank that are customarily borne by the issuer, the Company and the Bank will pay or reimburse the Agent for such expenses regardless of whether the Offering is successfully completed, and such reimbursements will not be included in the expense limitations set forth in Section 2(d) hereof. The Company and the Bank acknowledge, however, that such limitations may be increased by the mutual consent of the Bank and Agent in the event of delay in the Offering requiring the Agent to utilize a Syndicated Community Offering, a delay as a result of circumstances requiring material additional work by Agent or its counsel  
19or an update of the financial information in tabular form contained in the Prospectus for a period later than [December 31, 2009] . Not later than two days prior to the Closing Date, the Agent will provide the Company with an accounting of all reimbursable expenses to be paid at the Closing in next day funds. In the event the Bank determines to abandon or terminate the Conversion prior to Closing, payment of such expenses shall be made in next day funds on the date such determination is made.  
Section 8. Conditions to the Agent’s Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder, as to the Shares to be delivered at the Closing Date, are subject, to the extent not waived in writing by the Agent, to the condition that all representations and warranties of the Company and the Bank, herein are, at and as of the commencement of the Offering and at and as of the Closing Date, true and correct in all material respects, the condition that the Company and the Bank shall have performed all of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or before such dates, and to the following further conditions:  
(a) At the Closing Date, the Company and the Bank shall have conducted the Conversion in all material respects in accordance with the Plan, the Conversion Regulations, the applicable laws of Tennessee, and all other applicable laws, regulations, decisions and orders, including all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions precedent to the Conversion imposed upon them by the OTS.  
(b) The Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the Commission and the Form AC and Holding Company Application shall have been approved by the OTS not later than 5:30 p.m. on the date of this Agreement, or with the Agent’s consent at a later time and date; and at the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings therefore initiated or threatened by the Commission or any state authority, and no order or other action suspending the authorization of the Prospectus or the consummation of the Conversion shall have been issued or proceedings therefore initiated or, to the Company’s or the Bank’s knowledge, threatened by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC or any other state authority.  
(c) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received:  
(1) The favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Agent and for its benefit, of Kilpatrick Stockton LLP special counsel for the Company and the Bank in form and substance to the effect that:  
(i) The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Tennessee.  
(ii) The Company has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Form AC, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the General Disclosure Package.  
(iii) The Bank is a validly existing federally-chartered savings bank in mutual form and immediately following the completion of the Conversion will be a validly-existing federally-chartered savings bank in stock form and, in both instances duly authorized to conduct its business and own its property as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. All of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank, upon completion of the Conversion, will be duly authorized and, upon payment therefor, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable and will be owned by the Company, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, claims or other restrictions.  
(iv) The Bank is a member of the FHLB-Cincinnati. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum amount allowed under law and no proceedings for the termination or revocation of such insurance are pending or threatened. The description of the liquidation account as set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Effects of  
20Conversion to Stock Form — Liquidation Account,” to the extent that such information constitutes matters of law and legal conclusions, has been reviewed by such counsel and is accurately described in all material respects.  
(v) The only subsidiaries of the Bank are Southland Finance, Inc., Ti-Serv, Inc. and Valley Title Services, LLC. The operations of the Subsidiaries are not material to financial condition, results of operations, capital, properties or business prospects of the Company and the Bank, taken as a whole. The Subsidiaries have been duly organized and are validly existing as corporations in good standing under the laws of Tennessee, have full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate their properties and to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, and are duly qualified as foreign corporations to transact business and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Subsidiary has obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations required for the conduct of their businesses and all such licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations are in full force and effect and the Subsidiaries are in all material respects complying therewith; the activities of the Subsidiaries are permitted to subsidiaries of a federally chartered savings bank by the rules, regulations and practices of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) and the OTS in the case of the Bank; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Bank, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or legal or equitable claim; and there are no warrants, options or rights of any kind to acquire shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary.  
(vi) The Foundation has been duly organized and is validly existing as a non-stock corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with corporate power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus; to the knowledge of Company and the Agent, all approvals required to establish the Foundation and to contribute the Foundation Shares thereto have been obtained as described in the Prospectus; except as specifically disclosed in the Prospectus and the Proxy Statement, there are no agreements and/or understandings, written or oral or otherwise, between any of the Company, the Agent and the Foundation with respect to the control, directly or indirectly, over the voting and the acquisition or disposition of the shares of Common Stock to be contributed by the Company to the Foundation; the Foundation Shares to be issued to the Foundation in accordance with the Plan and as described in the Prospectus will have been duly and validly authorized for issuance and, when issued and contributed by the Company pursuant to the Plan, will be duly authorized and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable. Upon issuance of the Foundation Shares, good title to the Foundation Shares will be transferred from the Company to the Foundation, subject to such claims as may be asserted against the Foundation by third-party claimants.  
(vii) The authorized equity capital of the Company consists of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. Immediately following the consummation of the Offering and the issuance of the Foundation Shares to the Foundation, the authorized, issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company will be within the range set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization,” and no shares of capital stock of the Company have been issued prior to the Closing Date; at the time of the Offering, the Common Shares subscribed for pursuant to the Conversion will have been duly and validly authorized for issuance, and when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to the Plan against payment of the consideration calculated as set forth in the Plan and Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable, except for shares purchased by the ESOP with funds borrowed from the Company and shares issued and contributed to the Foundation by the Company to the extent payment therefor in cash has not been received by the Company; except to the extent that subscription rights and priorities pursuant thereto exist pursuant to the Plan, the issuance of the Shares is not subject to preemptive rights (other than subscription rights as provided in the Plan) and the terms and provisions of the Shares conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the  
21Prospectus. The Shares will not, when issued, be subject to any liens, charges, encumbrances or other claims created by the Company.  
(viii) The Company and the Bank have full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby and by the Plan. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Offering, including the establishment of the Foundation and the issuance of shares to the Foundation, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and the Bank; and this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Company and the Bank, enforceable against the Company and the Bank, in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, conservatorship, receivership or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or the rights of creditors of federally chartered savings institutions or holding companies as applicable, (ii) general equitable principles, (iii) laws relating to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, and (iv) applicable law or public policy with respect to the indemnification and/or contribution provisions contained herein and except that no opinion need be expressed as to the effect or availability of equitable remedies or injunctive relief (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  
(ix) The Form AC and the Holding Company Application have been approved by the OTS, the Prospectus has been authorized for use by the OTS, and the acquisition by the Company of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank has been approved by the OTS and no action has been taken, and none is pending or threatened, to revoke any such authorization or approval.  
(x) To such counsel’s knowledge, the OTS’s approval or non-objection of the Plan remains in full force and effect; each of the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, and Plan comply in all material respects with the regulations of the OTS (other than the financial statements, notes to financial statements, stock valuation information and other financial, tabular and statistical data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered). Such counsel has been advised by the OTS staff and Commission staff that no order has been issued by any other state authority, toprevent the Conversion or the offer, sale or issuance of the Shares, or to suspend the Offering or the use of the Prospectus, and no action for such purposes has been instituted or, to the knowledge of such counsel, threatened by the OTS, the Commission or any other state authority; and, to the knowledge of such counsel, no person has sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan, the Form AC, the Holding Company Application or the Prospectus or to otherwise prevent the Conversion or the offer, sale or issuance of the Shares.  
(xi) The Plan has been duly adopted by the required vote of the directors of the Company and the Bank and by the required vote of the Bank’s members.  
(xii) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to the OTS’s approval of the Conversion and the Holding Company Application, no further approval, registration, authorization, consent or other order of any federal regulatory agency is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the Conversion and the issuance of the Shares, including the issuance of shares to the Foundation, except as may be required under the securities or blue sky laws of various jurisdictions (as to which no opinion need be rendered) and except as may be required under the rules and regulations of the FINRA (as to which no opinion need be rendered).  
(xiii) The Registration Statement is effective under the 1933 Act; and any required filing of the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 has been made within the time period required by Rule 424(b) or Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness has been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings therefor initiated or, to such counsel’s Actual Knowledge, threatened by the Commission.  
22(xiv) At the time the Form AC, including the Prospectus contained therein, was approved by the OTS, the Form AC, including the Prospectus contained therein, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Conversion Regulations except as waived or otherwise approved by the OTS (other than the financial statements, the notes thereto, and other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered).  
(xv) At the time the Holding Company Application was approved by the OTS, the Holding Company Application complied as to from in all material respects with the requirements and the rules and regulations of the OTS (except as waived or otherwise approved by the OTS, and other than the financial statement, the notes thereto, and other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered).  
(xvi) At the time that the Registration Statement became effective, (i) the Registration Statement (as amended or supplemented, if so amended or supplemented) (other than the financial statements, the notes thereto, and other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered), complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, and (ii) the Prospectus (other than the financial statements, the notes thereto, and other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered) complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.  
(xvii) The terms and provisions of the shares of common stock of the Company conform, in all material respects, to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and Prospectus, and the form of certificate used to evidence the Shares complies with applicable laws.  
(xviii) There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the Conversion or the offer, sale or issuance of the Shares, including the establishment of the Foundation and the issuance of shares thereto, or (iii) which are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, other than those disclosed therein.  
(xix) Neither the Company nor the Bank are required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  
(xx) Neither the Company nor the Bank is in violation of any directive from the OTS or the FDIC to make any material change in the method of conducting its respective business.  
(xxi) There are no material contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other instruments required to be described or referred to in the Form AC, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or required to be filed as exhibits thereto other than those described or referred to therein or filed as exhibits thereto in the Form AC, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus. The description in the Form AC, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus of such documents and exhibits is accurate in all material respects and fairly presents the information required to be shown.  
(xxii) Except as waived or otherwise approved by the OTS, the Plan complies in all material respects with all applicable federal law, rules, regulations, decisions and orders including, but not limited to, the Conversion Regulations; the Conversion, including the establishment of the Foundation and the issuance of shares thereto, has been effected by the Company’s and the Bank in all material respects in accordance with the Conversion Regulations and the OTS approvals issued thereunder; no order has been issued by the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC, or any state authority to suspend the Offering or the use of the Prospectus, and no action for such purposes has been instituted or threatened by the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC, or any other state authority and, to such counsel’s Actual  
23Knowledge, no person has sought to obtain regulatory or judicial review of the final action of the OTS approving the Plan, the Form AC, the Holding Company Application or the Prospectus.  
(xxiii) The Company, and the Bank have obtained all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations currently required for the conduct of their businesses as described in the Registration Statement, and all such licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations are in full force and effect, and the Company and the Bank are in all material respects complying therewith.  
(xxiv) Neither the Company nor the Bank is in violation of its Charter and Bylaws or in default or violation of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its property may be bound, except for such defaults or violations which would not have a material adverse impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company and the Bank on a consolidated basis; the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the incurrence of the obligations herein set forth and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not, in any material respect, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or the Bank pursuant to any material contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company or the Bank is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or the Bank are subject; and such action will not result in any violation of the provisions of the Charter or Bylaws of the Company or the Bank, or result, in any material respect, in any violation of any applicable federal or state law, act, regulation (except that no opinion with respect to the securities and blue sky laws of various jurisdictions or the rules or regulations of the FINRA need be rendered) or order or court order, writ, injunction or decree.  
(xxv) The Company’s Charter and Bylaws comply in all material respects with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The Bank’s Charter and Bylaws each comply in all material respects with the laws of the United States of America.  
(xxvi) The information in the Prospectus under the captions “Regulation and Supervision,” “Federal and State Taxation,” “The Conversion and Stock Offering,” “Restrictions on the Acquisition of Athens Bancshares Corporation and Athens Federal Community Bank,” “Description of Athens Bancshares Corporation Capital Stock” and “Athens Federal Foundation,” to the extent that such information constitutes matters of law, summaries of legal matters, documents or proceedings, or legal conclusions, has been reviewed by such counsel and is accurate in all material respects. The description of the Offering process in the Prospectus under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering” to the extent that such information constitutes matters of law, summaries of legal matters, documents or proceedings, or legal conclusions, has been reviewed by such counsel and fairly describes such process in all material respects. The descriptions in the Prospectus of statutes or regulations are accurate summaries and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required to be shown. The information under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Material Income Tax Consequences” has been reviewed by such counsel and fairly describes the federal and state tax opinions rendered by them and Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC, respectively, to the Company and the Bank with respect to such matters.  
In addition, such counsel shall state that during the preparation of the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the General Disclosure Package, they participated in conferences with certain officers of, the independent public and internal accountants for, and other representatives of, the Company and the Bank, at which conferences the contents of the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the General Disclosure Package and related matters were discussed and, while such counsel have not confirmed the accuracy or completeness of or otherwise verified the information contained in the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or the General Disclosure Package and do not assume any responsibility for such information, based upon such conferences and a review of  
24documents deemed relevant for the purpose of rendering their opinion (relying as to materiality as to factual matters on certificates of officers and other factual representations by the Company), nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the General Disclosure Package or any amendment or supplement thereto as of the Applicable Time (other than the financial statements, the notes thereto, and other tabular, financial, statistical and appraisal data included therein as to which no view need be rendered) contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely as to all matters of fact on certificates of officers or directors of the Company and the Bank and certificates of public officials. Such counsel’s opinion shall be limited to matters governed by federal laws and by the laws of Tennessee and with respect to enforceablity, New York law, and may add other qualifications and explanations on the basis of this opinion as may be reasonably acceptable to the Agent.  
(d) A Blue Sky Memorandum from Kilpatrick Stockton LLP relating to the Offering, including Agent’s participation therein, and should be furnished to the Agent with a copy thereof addressed to Agent or upon which Kilpatrick Stockton LLP shall state the Agent may rely. The Blue Sky Memorandum will relate to the necessity of obtaining or confirming exemptions, qualifications or the registration of the Shares under applicable state securities law.  
(e) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent’s Counsel, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) they have carefully examined the Prospectus and, in their opinion, at the time the Prospectus became authorized for final use, the Prospectus did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (ii) since the date the Prospectus became authorized for final use, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Prospectus which has not been so set forth, including specifically, but without limitation, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Company or the Bank and the conditions set forth in this Section 8 have been satisfied; (iii) since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital, properties or business of the Company or the Bank independently, or of the Company and the Bank considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) the representations and warranties in Section 4 are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Date; (v) the Company has complied in all material respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date and will comply in all material respects with all obligations to be satisfied by them after the Closing Date; (vi) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been initiated or, to the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened by the Commission or any state authority; (vii) no order suspending the Conversion, the Offering or the effectiveness of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened by the OTS, the Commission, the FDIC, or any state authority; and (viii) to the best knowledge of the Company or the Bank, no person has sought to obtain review of the final action of the OTS approving the Conversion.  
(f) Neither the Company or the Bank shall have sustained, since the date of the latest financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and Prospectus, any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree,  
25otherwise than as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or business of the Company or the Bank that is in the Agent’s reasonable judgment sufficiently material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.  
(g) Prior to and at the Closing Date: (i) in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, there shall have been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank considered as one enterprise, from that as of the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Prospectus, other than transactions referred to or contemplated therein; (ii) neither the Company nor the Bank shall have received from the OTS or the FDIC any direction (oral or written) to make any material change in the method of conducting their business with which it has not complied (which direction, if any, shall have been disclosed to the Agent) or which materially and adversely would affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank taken as a whole; (iii) neither the Company or the Bank shall have been in default (nor shall an event have occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under any provision of any agreement or instrument relating to any outstanding indebtedness; (iv) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency, not disclosed in the Prospectus, shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Bank, threatened against the Company or the Bank or affecting any of their properties wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would materially and adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank taken as a whole; and (v) the Shares shall have been qualified or registered for offering and sale or exempted therefrom under the securities or blue sky laws of the jurisdictions as the Agent shall have reasonably requested and as agreed to by the Company and the Bank.  
(h) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Agent shall receive a letter from Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC, dated as of the date hereof and addressed to the Agent: (i) confirming that Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC is a firm of independent registered public accountants within the applicable rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and stating in effect that in its opinion the consolidated financial statements and related notes of the Company as of December 31, 2008, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2008, and covered by their opinion included therein, and any other more recent unaudited financial statements included in the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and related published rules and regulations of the OTS and the 1933 Act; (ii) stating in effect that, on the basis of certain agreed upon procedures (but not an audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)) consisting of a reading of the latest available consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared by the Company, a reading of the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors, Executive Committee and Audit Committee of the Company and the Bank and consultations with officers of the Company and the Bank responsible for financial and accounting matters, nothing came to their attention which caused them to believe that:  
(A) audited consolidated financial statements and any unaudited interim financial statements included in the Prospectus are not in conformity with the 1933 Act, applicable accounting requirements of the OTS and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Prospectus; or  
(B) during the period from the date of the latest financial statements included in the Prospectus to a specified date not more than three business days prior to the date of the Prospectus, except as has been described in the Prospectus, there was any increase in borrowings of the Company, other than normal deposit fluctuations for the Bank; or (C) there was any decrease in the net assets of the Company  
26at the date of such letter as compared with amounts shown in the latest balance sheet included in the Prospectus; and (iii) stating that, in addition to the audit referred to in their opinion included in the Prospectus and the performance of the procedures referred to in clause (ii) of this subsection (h), they have compared with the general accounting records of the Company, which are subject to the internal controls of the Company, the accounting system and other data prepared by the Company, directly from such accounting records, to the extent specified in such letter, such amounts and/or percentages set forth in the Prospectus as the Agent may reasonably request; and they have found such amounts and percentages to be in agreement therewith (subject to rounding).  
(i) At the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive a letter dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Agent, confirming the statements made by Hazlett, Lewis & Bieter, PLLC in the letter delivered by it pursuant to subsection (g) of this Section 8, the “specified date” referred to in clause (i) of subsection (h) to be a date specified in the letter required by this subsection (h) which for purposes of such letter shall not be more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.  
(j) At the Closing Date, the Company shall receive a letter from Keller & Company, Inc., dated the Closing Date (i) confirming that said firm is independent of the Company and the Bank and is experienced and expert in the area of corporate appraisals within the meaning of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 563b.200(b), (ii) stating in effect that the Appraisal prepared by such firm complies in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations, and (iii) further stating that its opinion of the aggregate pro forma market value of the Company including the Bank, as most recently updated, remains in effect.  
(k) At or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent shall receive: (i) a copy of the letters from the OTS approving the Form AC, the Holding Company Application and authorizing the use of the Prospectus and the establishment of the Foundation, including the issuance of shares thereto; (ii) a copy of the orders from the Commission declaring the Registration Statement and the Exchange Act Registration Statement effective; (iii) a certificate from the OTS evidencing the valid existence of the Company and the Bank; (iv) a certificate from the FDIC evidencing the Bank’s insurance of accounts; (v) a certificate from the FHLB-Cincinnati evidencing the Bank’s membership therein; and (vi) a certified copy of the Bank’s Charter and Bylaws.  
(l) Subsequent to the date hereof, there shall not have occurred any of the following; (i) a suspension or limitation in trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) or in the over-the-counter market, or quotations halted generally on The Nasdaq Stock Market, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required by either of such exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority; (ii) a general moratorium on the operations of commercial banks, or federal savings and loan associations or a general moratorium on the withdrawal of deposits from commercial banks or federal savings and loan associations declared by federal or state authorities; (iii) the engagement by the United States in hostilities which have resulted in the declaration, on or after the date hereof, of a national emergency or war; or (iv) a material decline in the price of equity or debt securities if the effect of such a declaration or decline, in the Agent’s reasonable judgment, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.  
(m) At or prior to the Closing Date, counsel to the Agent shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the sale of the Shares as herein contemplated and related proceedings or in order to evidence the occurrence or completeness of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company and the Bank in connection with the sale of the Shares as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and its counsel.  
27(n) All such opinions, certificates, letters and documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and to counsel for the Agent. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company or the Bank and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company or the Bank, as the case may be, to the Agent as to the statements made therein.  
Section 9. Indemnification.  
(a) The Company and the Bank jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its officers and directors, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, settlement expenses), joint or several, that the Agent or any of them may suffer or to which the Agent and any such persons may become subject under all applicable federal or state laws or otherwise, and to promptly reimburse the Agent and any such persons upon written demand for any expense (including all fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Agent or any of them in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any actions, proceedings or claims (whether commenced or threatened) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions: (i) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Form AC (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Holding Company Application (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any instrument or document executed by the Company or the Bank or based upon written information supplied by the Company filed in any state or jurisdiction to register or qualify any or all of the Shares or to claim an exemption therefrom or provided to any state or jurisdiction to exempt the Company or the Bank as a broker-dealer or its officers, directors and employees as broker-dealers or agents, under the securities laws thereof (collectively, the “Blue Sky Application”), or any document, advertisement, oral statement or communication (“Sales Information”) prepared, made or executed by or on behalf of the Company or the Bank with its consent and based upon written or oral information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or the Bank, whether or not filed in any jurisdiction, in order to qualify or register the Shares or to claim an exemption therefrom under the securities laws thereof; (ii) arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing documents or information a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) arise from any theory of liability whatsoever relating to or arising from or based upon the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, the Form AC (or any amendment or supplement thereto) the Holding Company Application (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information or other documentation distributed in connection with the Conversion; provided, however, that no indemnification is required under this paragraph (a) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue material statement or alleged untrue material statement in, or material omission or alleged material omission from, the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer-Represented Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, the Form AC, the Holding Company Application, any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company, by the Agent or its counsel regarding the Agent, and provided, that it is agreed and understood that the only information furnished in writing to the Company, by the Agent regarding the Agent is set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Marketing Arrangements”; and, provided further, that such indemnification shall be limited to the extent prohibited by the Commission, the OTS, the FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.  
28(b) The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Bank, their directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Bank within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage or expense whatsoever (including but not limited to settlement expenses), joint or several, which they, or any of them, may suffer or to which they, or any of them may become subject under all applicable federal and state laws or otherwise, and to promptly reimburse the Company, the Bank, and any such persons upon written demand for any expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred by them, or any of them, in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any actions, proceedings or claims (whether commenced or threatened) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions: (i) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Form AC (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Holding Company Application, the preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information, (ii) are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in any of the foregoing documents a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iii) arise from any theory of liability whatsoever relating to or arising from or based upon the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Form AC (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Holding Company Application, or any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information or other documentation distributed in connection with the Offering; provided, however, that the Agent’s obligations under this Section 9(b) shall exist onlyif and only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement was made in, or such material fact or alleged material fact was omitted from, the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the preliminary or final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Form AC (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Holding Company Application, any Blue Sky Application or Sales Information in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company or the Bank, by the Agent or its counsel regarding the Agent, and provided, that it is agreed and understood that the only information furnished in writing to the Company or the Bank, by the Agent regarding the Agent is set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “The Conversion and Stock Offering — Marketing Arrangements.” 
(c) Each indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to each indemnifying party of any action, proceeding, claim (whether commenced or threatened), or suit instituted against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have on account of this Section 9 or otherwise. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of such action. In addition, if it so elects within a reasonable time after receipt of such notice, an indemnifying party, jointly with any other indemnifying parties receiving such notice, may assume defense of such action with counsel chosen by it and approved by the indemnified parties that are defendants in such action, unless such indemnified parties reasonably object to such assumption on the ground that there may be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in addition to those available to such indemnifying party. If an indemnifying party assumes the defense of such action, the indemnifying parties shall not be liable for any fees and expenses of counsel for the indemnified parties incurred thereafter in connection with such action, proceeding or claim, other than reasonable costs of investigation. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (and any special counsel that said firm may retain) for each indemnified party in connection with any one action, proceeding or claim or separate but similar or related actions, proceedings or claims in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances.  
Section 10. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in Section 9 is due in accordance with its terms but is for any reason held by a court to be unavailable from the Company, the Bank or the Agent, the Company, the Bank and the Agent shall contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities  
29(including any investigation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company, the Bank or the Agent from persons other than the other parties thereto, who may also be liable for contribution) in such proportion so that the Agent is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that the fees paid to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement (not including expenses) bears to the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares in the Offering, and the Company and the Bank shall be responsible for the balance. If, however, the allocation provided above is not permitted by applicable law, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative fault of the Company and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions, proceedings or claims in respect thereto), but also the relative benefits received by the Company and the Bank on the one hand and the Agent on the other from the Offering (before deducting expenses). The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company and the Bank on the one hand or the Agent on the other and the parties’ relative intent, good faith, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company, the Bank and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 were determined by pro-rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 10. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions, proceedings or claims in respect thereof) referred to above in this Section 10 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action, proceeding or claim. It is expressly agreed that the Agent shall not be liable for any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense or be required to contribute any amount pursuant to Section 9(b) or this Section 10 which in the aggregate exceeds the amount paid (excluding reimbursable expenses) to the Agent under this Agreement. It is understood that the above stated limitation on the Agent’s liability is essential to the Agent and that the Agent would not have entered into this Agreement if such limitation had not been agreed to by the parties to this Agreement. No person found guilty of any fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not found guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The obligations of the Company, the Bank and the Agent under this Section 10 and under Section 9 shall be in addition to any liability which the Company and the Agent may otherwise have. For purposes of this Section 10, each of the Agent’s, the Company’s or the Bank’s officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Agent or the Company or the Bank within the meaning of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Agent on the one hand, or, the Company or the Bank on the other hand. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit, claim or proceeding against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made against another party under this Section 10, will notify such party from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify such party shall not relieve the party from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it may have hereunder or otherwise than under this Section 10.  
Section 11. Survival of Agreements, Representations and Indemnities. The respective indemnities of the Company, the Bank and the Agent, the representations and warranties and other statements of the Company, the Bank and the Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement and the provisions relating to contribution shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination or cancellation of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, the Company, the Bank or any controlling person referred to in Section 9 hereof, and shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the issuance of the Shares, and any successor or assign of the Agent, the Company and the Bank, and any such controlling person shall be entitled to the benefit of the respective agreements, indemnities, warranties and representations.  
30Section 12. Termination. The Agent may terminate this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section 12 at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:  
(a) If any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted the United States securities markets such as to make it, in the Agent’s reasonable opinion, impracticable to proceed with the offering of the Shares; or if trading on the NYSE shall have suspended (except that this shall not apply to the imposition of NYSE trading collars imposed on program trading); or if the United States shall have become involved in a war or major hostilities; or if a general banking moratorium has been declared by a state or federal authority which has a material effect on the Company on a consolidated basis; or if a moratorium in foreign exchange trading by major international banks or persons has been declared; or if there shall have been a material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Bank, or if the Bank shall have sustained a material or substantial loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act, whether or not said loss shall have been insured; or if there shall have been a material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Bank.  
(b) In the event the Company fails to sell the required minimum number of the Shares by the date when such sales must be completed, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion Regulations, and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Company to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other hereunder, except as set forth in Sections 2(a) and (d), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.  
(c) If any of the conditions specified in Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, unless waived in writing, or by the Closing Date, this Agreement and all of the Agent’s obligations hereunder may be cancelled by the Agent by notifying the Company of such cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and any such cancellation shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise provided in Sections 2(a), 2(d), 7, 9 and 10 hereof.  
(d) If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section, the Company and the Bank shall be notified promptly by telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.  
The Company or the Bank may terminate this Agreement in the event the Agent is in material breach of the representations and warranties or covenants contained in Section 5 and such breach has not been cured after the Company or the Bank has provided the Agent with notice of such breach.  
This Agreement may also be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties hereto.  
Section 13. Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be mailed in writing and if sent to the Agent shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Investment Banking, 10 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3400, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Harold T. Hanley, III, Managing Director (with a copy to Silver, Freedman & Taff, L.L.P, 3299 K Street, N.W., Suite 100, Washington, D.C. 20007, Attn: Martin L. Meyrowitz, P.C.) and, if sent to the Company or the Bank, shall be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to the Company at 106 Washington Avenue, P.O. Box 869, Athens, Tennessee, 37371-0869, Attn: Jeff Cunningham, President and Chief Executive Officer (with a copy to Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, 607 14th Street, N.W., Suite 900, Washington, D.C., 2005, Attn: Victor L. Cangelosi, Esq.).  
Section 14. Parties. The Company and the Bank shall be entitled to act and rely on any request, notice, consent, waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf of the Agent when the same shall have been given by the undersigned. The Agent shall be entitled to act and rely on any request, notice, consent,  
31waiver or agreement purportedly given on behalf of the Company or the Bank, when the same shall have been given by the undersigned or any other officer of the Company or the Bank. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Agent, the Company, the Bank and their respective successors and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. It is understood and agreed that this Agreement is the exclusive agreement among the parties hereto, and supersedes any prior agreement among the parties and may not be varied except in writing signed by all the parties.  
Section 15. Closing. The closing for the sale of the Shares shall take place on the Closing Date at such location as mutually agreed upon by the Agent and the Company and the Bank. At the closing, the Company and the Bank shall deliver to the Agent in next day funds the commissions, fees and expenses due and owing to the Agent as set forth in Sections 2 and 7 hereof and the opinions and certificates required hereby and other documents deemed reasonably necessary by the Agent shall be executed and delivered to effect the sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby and pursuant to the terms of the Prospectus.  
Section 16. Partial Invalidity. In the event that any term, provision or covenant herein or the application thereof to any circumstance or situation shall be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder hereof and the application of said term, provision or covenant to any other circumstances or situation shall not be affected thereby, and each term, provision or covenant herein shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.  
Section 17. Construction. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.  
Section 18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.  
Section 19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, which are integral parts hereof and incorporated as though set forth in full, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof superseding any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or prior written agreements, proposals, letters of intent and understandings, and cannot be modified, changed, waived or terminated except by a writing which expressly states that it is an amendment, modification or waiver, refers to this Agreement and is signed by the party to be charged. No course of conduct or dealing shall be construed to modify, amend or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.  
Section 20. Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each of the Agent and the Company and the Bank waive all rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, claim or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) related to or arising out of this Agreement.  
32If the foregoing correctly sets forth the arrangement among the Company, the Bank and the Agent, please indicate acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and the Agent’s acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement.  
Accepted as of the date first above written  
33  
         Very truly yours,                 ATHENS FEDERAL COMMUNITY BANK        ATHENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION         By Its Authorized Representative        By Its Authorized Representative:                  
       
Jeff Cunningham        Jeff CunninghamPresident and Chief Executive Officer        President and Chief Executive Officer
       KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS, INC.  By its Authorized Representative    
   Harold T. Hanley, III, Managing Director    Managing DirectorQuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document
Exhibit 10.16
    
EL BANCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
AGENCY AGREEMENT 
 
, 2006
Ladies and Gentlemen:
El Banco Financial Corporation, a Georgia corporation (the "Company"), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to engage the
sales agent identified on the signature page to this Agreement (the "Agent" or "you") to assist the Company on a "best efforts" basis in the sale of
the Company's common stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Shares").
1. The Offering. The Company is offering the Shares, in connection with the Company's initial public offering (the "Offering").
The Company has prepared and filed, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations thereunder
(collectively, the "1933 Act"), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a registration statement on Form SB-2 (File No.
333-135900) under the 1933 Act, including a prospectus, relating to the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, "Registration
Statement," as used herein, means the registration statement, as amended at the time of such registration statement's effectiveness for purposes of
Section 11 of the 1933 Act (the "Effective Time"), including (i) all documents filed as a part thereof, (ii) any information contained in a prospectus
subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act and deemed, pursuant to Rule 430A or Rule 430C under the
1933 Act, to be part of the registration statement at the Effective Time, and (iii) any registration statement filed to register the offer and sale of the
Shares pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the 1933 Act.
Except where the context otherwise requires, a "Preliminary Prospectus," as used herein, means any preliminary prospectus included in the
Registration Statement or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) under the Securities Act.
Except where the context otherwise requires, "Prospectus," as used herein, means the prospectus filed by the Company with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act on or before the second business day after the Effective Time (or such earlier time as may be required
under the Act), or, if no such filing is required, the final prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the Effective Time.
"Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses," as used herein, means the documents and each "road show" (as defined in Rule 433(h)(4) under the 1933
Act), if any, related to the offering of the Shares contemplated hereby that is a "written communication" (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act).
"Disclosure Package," as used herein, means any Preliminary Prospectus together with any combination of one or more of the Permitted Free
Writing Prospectuses, if any.
"Blue Sky Application," as used herein, means any instrument or document executed by the Company or based upon written information supplied
by the Company filed in any state or jurisdiction to register or qualify any or all of the Shares or to claim an exemption therefrom or provided to any
state or jurisdiction to exempt the Company as a broker-dealer or the officers, directors or employees as broker-dealers or agents of the Company
under the securities laws thereof.
Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus shall be
deemed to refer to and include the documents, if any, incorporated by reference, or deemed to be incorporated by reference, therein (the
"Incorporated Documents"), including, without limitation, unless the context otherwise requires, the documents, ifany, filed as exhibits to such Incorporated Documents. Any reference herein to the terms "amend," "amendment" or "supplement" with respect to
the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and
include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations thereunder (the "Exchange Act") on or
after the Effective Time, or the date of such Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may be,
and deemed to be incorporated therein by reference.
2. Retention of Agent; Compensation; Sale and Delivery of the Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby
appoints the Agent as a placement agent, on a non-exclusive basis, to utilize its "best efforts" to solicit subscriptions for the Shares and to assist
the Company with respect to the Company's sale of the Shares in the Offering.
On the basis of the representations and warranties and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Agent accepts such
appointment. The Agent shall not be obligated to purchase any Shares and shall not be obligated to take any action which Agent deems to be
inconsistent with any applicable law, regulation, decision or order. Subscriptions will be offered as described in the Registration Statement. Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the appointment of the Agent will terminate upon completion, expiration or termination of the Offering.
In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 1,875,000 Shares on or before June 30, 2007, this Agreement shall terminate and the
Company shall cause the Escrow Agent (as defined below) to refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount it
received from them, without interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other
parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 8, 10, and 11.
In the event the Offering is terminated and the Closing (as defined below) does not occur, then the Agent shall not receive the fees set forth in
subparagraph (a) below (the "Fees");  provided, however , regardless of whether or not the Closing occurs, the Agent shall be entitled to receive
reimbursement of its actual accountable out-of-pocket expenses, as set forth in subparagraph (b) below.
If all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Offering are satisfied, the Company agrees to issue, or have issued, the Shares sold in the
Offering and to release for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing Date (as defined below) against payment to the Company by any
means authorized pursuant hereto;  provided, however , that no funds shall be released to the Company until the conditions specified in Section 9
hereof shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be made
on a date or dates and at a place determined by the Company (each closing, a "Closing"). Certificates for Shares shall be delivered directly to the
purchasers in accordance with their directions. The date upon which the Company shall release or deliver the Shares sold in the Offering, in
accordance with the terms herein, is called the "Closing Date." After the initial Closing, which may occur at any time after the minimum of 1,875,000
Shares have been sold, the Company may continue the Offering and the Agent may continue to solicit purchasers for the Shares up to the maximum
amount of the Offering or until the Offering expires or is closed by the Company as set forth in the Prospectus. Additional Closings shall occur with
respect to Shares sold after the initial Closing on dates and at locations as determined by the Company after the initial Closing, each also
considered a "Closing Date".
The Agent shall receive the following compensation for its services hereunder:
a. The fee shall be equal to 5.2% of the "gross proceeds" received in the Offering attributable to the efforts of the Agent. At least 48 hours prior to
each Closing, the Agent shall deliver a schedule, identified as Appendix A, that lists each investor and the amount of investment.
2b. Agent shall be reimbursed for expenses as contemplated by Section 8 of this Agreement, regardless of whether the Offering is successfully
completed. Any out-of-pocket expenses or commissions payable under this Agreement shall be paid in next day funds on the earlier of the initial
Closing Date or a determination by the Company to terminate or abandon the Offering, and on each subsequent Closing Date thereafter.
3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company represents and warrants to the Agent that:
a. The Company has all such power, authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into this Agreement, to carry out
the provisions and conditions hereof and to issue and sell the Shares as contemplated herein and as described in the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The consummation of the Offering, the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and this Agreement has been validly executed and delivered by the Company and is the
valid, legal and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent, if any, that the provisions of
Section 10 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy, and except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy
laws, insolvency laws, or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.
b. The Registration Statement is effective under the 1933 Act; no stop order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of any
Preliminary Prospectus or Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued, and no
proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the Commission; the Registration
Statement complied when it became effective, complies as of the date hereof and, as amended or supplemented, at each time a subscription
agreement of funds are submitted by prospective investors to the Company during the Offering period (each such time referred to as a "time of
delivery"), at the Closing Date and at all times during which a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered (whether physically or through
compliance with Rule 172 under the 1933 Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, will comply, in all material respects, with the
requirements of the 1933 Act; each Preliminary Prospectus complied, at the time it was filed with the Commission, and complies as of the date
hereof, in all material respects, with the requirements of the 1933 Act; at no time during the period that begins on the earlier of the date of such
Preliminary Prospectus and the date such Preliminary Prospectus was filed with the Commission and ends at the Closing Time (as defined herein)
did or will any Preliminary Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and at no time
during such period did or will any Preliminary Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, together with any combination of one or more of the
then issued Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; the Prospectus will comply, as
of its date, the date that it is filed with the Commission, each time of delivery, the Closing Date and at all times during which a prospectus is required
by the Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the 1933 Act or any similar rule) in connection with any
sale of Shares, in all material respects, with the requirements of the 1933 Act (including, without limitation, Section 10(a) of the 1933 Act); at no time
during the period that begins on the earlier of the date of the Prospectus and the date the Prospectus is filed with the Commission and ends at the
later of the Closing Time and the end of the period during which a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered (whether physically or
through compliance with Rule 172 under the 1933 Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares did or will the Prospectus, as then
amended or
3supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; at no time during the period that begins on the date of such Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus and ends at the time of purchase did or will any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided, however , that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with
information concerning the Agent and furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Agent to the Company expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, such Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as applicable. All Permitted Free Writing
Prospectuses were preceded by, or accompanied with, a statutory prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10(a) of the Act as required by
Rule 164 under the 1933 Act.
c. If a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus is sent or given after the Registration Statement is filed with the Commission (and after such Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus was, if required pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the 1933 Act, filed with the Commission), the sending or giving, by the Agent, of
any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus will satisfy the provisions of Rule 164 or Rule 433 of the 1933 Act (without reliance on subsections (b), (c)
and (d) of Rule 164); each of the Preliminary Prospectuses is a prospectus that, other than by reason of Rule 433 or Rule 431 under the 1933 Act,
satisfies the requirements of Section 10 of the 1933 Act, including a price range where required by rule; neither the Company nor the Agent is
disqualified, by reason of subsection (f) or (g) of Rule 164 under the 1933 Act, from using, in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, "free
writing prospectuses" (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) pursuant to Rules 164 and 433 under the 1933 Act; the Company is not an
"ineligible issuer" (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) as of the eligibility determination date for purposes of Rules 164 and 433 under the
1933 Act with respect to the offering of the Shares contemplated by the Registration Statement; the parties hereto agree and understand that the
content of any and all road shows related to the Offering is solely the property of the Company.
d. No Blue Sky Application will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;  provided, however , that the Company makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in a Blue Sky Application in reliance upon and in conformity with information
concerning the Agent and furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Agent to the Company expressly for use in the Blue Sky Application.
e. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of State of Georgia, and has
corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, and to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement.
f. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus and the
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, except as otherwise stated therein, there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company considered as one enterprise, whether or not
arising in the ordinary course of business (a "Material Adverse Effect").
g. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus and the
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any.
4h. The Shares have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and
validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description of the Shares contained in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any.
i. The issuance and sale of the Shares being issued at each Closing Date by the Company and the performance of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Company of the other transactions herein contemplated will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any terms or
provisions of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the
Company is a party or by which any of the property or assets of the Company is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is
subject, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or Bylaws, as amended, of the
Company or any statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any
of its properties; and no consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any such court or governmental agency or
body is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
except such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations or qualifications as may be required under the Act and under state securities or Blue
Sky laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Shares by the Agent.
j. The Company owns its assets and has the right to conduct its business as currently conducted.
k. There is no litigation or governmental proceeding pending or threatened against, or involving the properties or business of, the Company that
might materially and adversely affect the value or the operation of the any such properties or the business of the Company.
l. McNair, McLemore, Middlebrooks & Co., LLP, which has certified certain financial statements and supporting schedules of the Company included
in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Free Writing Prospectuses containing an audit report, are
independent public accountants as required by the Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
m. The Company has not distributed, nor will it distribute, prior to the Closing Time any prospectus (as defined under the 1933 Act) in connection
with the Offering and sale of the Shares other than the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus, any Permitted Free
Writing Prospectuses or other materials, if any, permitted by the 1933 Act, including Rule 134 promulgated thereunder.
4. Representations and Warranties of the Agent.  
a. The Agent has all such power, authority, authorizations, approvals and orders as may be required to enter into this Agreement, to carry out the
provisions and conditions hereof and to act as a sales agent as contemplated herein and as described in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectuses, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The consummation of the Offering, the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by the Agent and the consummation by the Agent of the transactions herein contemplated have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Agent and this Agreement has been validly executed and delivered by the
Agent and is the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Agent enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent, if any, that the
provisions of Section 8 hereof may be unenforceable as against public policy, and except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy laws, insolvency laws, or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.
5b. The Agent is registered as a broker-dealer under applicable federal and state laws, is a member in good standing of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc., and has met and will continue to meet all registration, licensing, financial and reporting requirements it is required to meet
under applicable federal and state laws and regulations in order to provide the services the Agent has agreed to provide, or that the Agent
contemplates that it will provide, to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Offering.
c. Each employee, agent, representative or affiliate of the Agent that provides any services to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise in
connection with the Offering will, at the time of providing those services, meet all registration and licensing requirements he or it is required to meet
under applicable federal and state laws and regulations in order to provide those services.
5. Delivery and Payment.  
An escrow procedure shall be established which shall comply with Commission Rule 15c2-4, promulgated under the Exchange Act and applicable
NASD rules and regulations, with Flag Bank as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent").
The Company and the Agent shall transmit all funds received from subscribers to the Escrow Agent by noon of the next business day following
receipt thereof. The Company shall direct the Escrow Agent to make payment for Shares sold hereunder by wire transfer or certified or bank
cashier's check drawn to the order of the Company in next day funds. Such payment is to be made at the offices of Flag Bank, at 10:00 a.m. local
time, on each Closing Date or at another time agreed to by the Agent and the Company. The time of such payment is referred to as the "Closing
Time." The Company shall direct the Escrow Agent to deliver payment of the fees due to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 hereof (less any portion
thereof previously paid to the Agent) to the Agent by wire transfer or certified or bank cashier's check drawn to the order of the Agent in next day
funds, to the Agent on each Closing Date.
6. Covenants of the Company.  The Company hereby covenants to the Agent as follows:
a. The Company has filed the Registration Statement with the Commission. The Company will use its best efforts to cause any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission, and will immediately upon receipt of any information
concerning the events listed below notify the Agent (i) when the Registration Statement, as amended, has become effective; (ii) of any request by
the Commission or any other governmental entity for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement; (iii) of the issuance by the
Commission or any other governmental agency of any order or other action suspending the Offering or the use of the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectuses, the Prospectus or the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any; or (iv) of the issuance by the Commission or any state
authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the initiation or threat of initiation or threat of any
proceedings for that purpose.
b. The Company will deliver to the Agent copies of the Registration Statement, as originally filed and each amendment thereto. Further, the
Company will deliver such additional copies of the foregoing documents to counsel to the Agent as may be required for any NASD filings. The
Company will also deliver to the Agent such number of copies of the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as the Agent may reasonably
request.
c. The Company will comply in all material respects with any and all terms, conditions, requirements and provisions with respect to the Offering and
the transactions contemplated thereby imposed by the Commission, by applicable state law and regulations, and by the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated under such statutes, to be complied with prior to or subsequent to the Closing Date.
6d. If any event relating to or affecting the Company shall occur, as a result of which it is necessary, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the
Company, to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus in order to make them not misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time of its use, the Company will, at its expense,
prepare, file with the Commission, and furnish to the Agent, a reasonable number of copies of an amendment or amendments of, or a supplement or
supplements to, the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus which will amend
or supplement the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus so that as amended or
supplemented it will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances existing at the time, not misleading.
e. The Company will endeavor in good faith, in cooperation with the Agent, to register or to qualify the Shares for offering and sale under the
applicable securities laws of the jurisdictions in which the Offering will be conducted;  provided, however , that the Company shall not be obligated
to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified. In each jurisdiction
where any of the Shares shall have been registered or qualified as above provided, the Company will make and file such statements and reports in
each year as are or may be required by the laws of such jurisdictions.
f. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company will inform the Agent of any event or circumstances of which it is aware as a result of which the
Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as then supplemented or amended,
would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading.
g. The Company will distribute the Prospectus or other offering materials in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares only as set forth in
the Prospectus, and only in accordance with the 1933 Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under such statutes,
and the laws of any state in which the Shares are qualified for sale.
h. The Company will maintain appropriate arrangements with the Escrow Agent for depositing all funds received from persons mailing
subscriptions for or orders to purchase Shares in the Offering as described in the Prospectus until the Closing Date and satisfaction of all
conditions precedent to the release of the Company's obligation to refund payments received from persons subscribing for or ordering Shares in
the Offering as described in the Prospectus.
i. The Company will take such actions and furnish such information as are reasonably requested by the Agent in order for the Agent to ensure
compliance with the NASD Rule 2790 "Restrictions on the Purchase and Sale of Initial Equity Public Offerings of Equity Securities."
j. The Company will not deliver the Shares until the Company has satisfied or caused to be satisfied each condition set forth in Section 9 hereof.
7. Covenants of the Agent.  
a. The Agent will not provide any service or engage in any activity, and it will not permit the Agent or any of its employees, agents, representatives
or affiliates to provide any service or engage in any activity, whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Offering, for
which it or he does not have in effect all registrations, licenses and approvals necessary to cause that service or activity to comply with applicable
federal and state laws and regulations.
b. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the terms and conditions of the Offering as described in the Prospectus
shall control the conduct of the Offering, and
7neither the Agent nor any of its respective employees, agents, representatives or affiliates shall take any action in connection with the Offering
contrary to those terms and conditions.
c. In connection with or during the course of the Offering, neither the Agent nor any employee, agent, representative or affiliate of the Agent will
make any representation or provide any information to any subscriber or potential subscriber for the Shares other the representations and
information contained in the Prospectus or other information specifically approved by the Company.
8. Payment of Expenses. The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that it will pay or cause to be paid the following: (i) the fees,
disbursements and expenses of counsel to the Company and accountants in connection with the registration of the Shares under the Act and all
other expenses in connection with the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement, each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus,
each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Agent
and dealers; (ii) the cost of printing or reproducing this agreement, the Blue Sky Survey, any dealer agreements and any other documents in
connection with the offering, purchase, sale and delivery of the Shares; (iii) all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Shares for
offering and sale under state securities laws; (iv) the cost of preparing stock certificates; (v) all expenses related to road shows; (vi) the costs or
expenses of any transfer agent or registrar; and (vi) all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Agent, including the reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel for the Agent related to the Offering and not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section; the total for all such
reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses shall not exceed $5,000 without the consent of the Company (exclusive of any blue sky-related fees if
the Agent's counsel is requested to complete such services by the Company).
9. Conditions to Closing.  The Closing of the Offering is subject to the following conditions:
a. The Registration Statement and any registration statement required to be filed, prior to the sale of the Shares, under the Act pursuant to Rule
424(b) shall have been filed and shall have become effective under the 1933 Act.
b. (i) No stop order with respect to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Act or proceedings initiated
under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act; (ii) the Registration Statement and all amendments thereto shall not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (iii) none of the
Preliminary Prospectuses or the Prospectus, and no amendment or supplement thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading;
(iv) no Disclosure Package, and no amendment or supplement thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and (v) none of
the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.
c. The Company and Agent agree that Appendix A is accurate and complete.
d. The NASD has confirmed that it has not raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms of this Agreement and
Agent's compensation hereunder.
10. Indemnification by the Company.  
a. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, and its officers, directors, agents, representatives and affiliates and any other
person, if any, who controls the Agent or its
8affiliates within the meaning of the 1933 Act (these parties together with the Agent are hereinafter referred to as the "Agent Indemnitees") against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable costs of investigation and counsel's fees) arising out of or based
upon the actions of the Company or any of its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates (i) that constitute bad faith or gross negligence on
the part of the Company or its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, (ii) that constitute violations of applicable federal or state laws or
regulations on the part of the Company or its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, or (iii) that constitute a violation of any of the
Company's agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement. The Company will reimburse the Agent and the Agent
Indemnitees for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred (individually or collectively) by it or them in connection with investigating or
defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. However, the Company will not be responsible for (i) any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses that result from bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the Agent or any of its employees, agents, representatives or
affiliates, or on the part of the Agent Indemnitee, (ii) that arise out of actions or conduct by the Agent or any of its employees, agents,
representatives or affiliates, or by any Agent Indemnitee, that constitute a violation of any applicable federal or state law or regulation, or (iii) that
arise out of actions or conduct by the Agent or any of its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, or by any Agent Indemnitee, that
constitutes a violation of any of Agent's agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement.
b. If any action or claim shall be brought or asserted against an Agent Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may be sought from the Company,
it or he shall promptly notify the Company in writing, enclosing copies of all papers served on or delivered to such party. A failure to notify or delay
in notifying the Company shall not affect the right of the Agent Indemnitee to be indemnified or reimbursed hereunder except to the extent the
Company is shown to have been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure. No Agent Indemnitee shall settle, compromise or consent to the
entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, investigation or proceeding commenced or threatened by any person or entity, including any
governmental agency or body, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution can be sought under this Section 10
(whether or not the Agent Indemnitees are actual or potential parties thereto), unless the Agent or the Agent Indemnitee obtains the prior written
consent of the Company.
11. Indemnification by the Agent.  
a. The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its officers, directors, agents, organizers, representatives and affiliates and
any other person, if any, who controls the Company or its affiliates within the meaning of the 1933 Act (these parties together with the Company are
hereinafter referred to as the "Company Indemnitees") against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable
costs of investigation and counsel's fees) arising out of or based upon the actions of the Agent or any of its respective employees, agents,
representatives or affiliates (i) that constitute bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the Agent or any of its employees, agents,
representatives or affiliates, (ii) that constitute violations of applicable federal or state laws or regulations on the part of the Agent or any of its
employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, or (iii) that constitutes a violation of any of the Agent's agreements, representations or warranties
contained in this Agreement. The Agent will reimburse the Company and the Company Indemnitees for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred (individually or collectively) by it or them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action.
However, the Agent will not be responsible for (i) any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses that result from bad faith or gross negligence
on the part of the Company or any of its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, or on the part of the Company Indemnitee, (ii) that arise
out of actions or conduct by the Company or any of its employees, agents, representatives or affiliates, or by the Company, that constitute a
violation of any applicable federal or state law or regulation, or
9(iii) that constitutes a violation of any of the Company's agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement.
b. If any action or claim shall be brought or asserted against a Company Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may be sought from the Agent, it
shall promptly notify the Agent in writing, enclosing copies of all papers served on or delivered to such party. A failure to notify or delay in
notifying the Agent shall not affect the right of the Company Indemnitee to be indemnified or reimbursed hereunder except to the extent the Agent
is shown to have been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure. No Company Indemnitee shall settle, compromise or consent to the entry of
any judgment with respect to any litigation, investigation or proceeding commenced or threatened by any person or entity, including any
governmental agency or body, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution can be sought under this Section 11
(whether or not the Company Indemnitees are actual or potential parties thereto), unless the Company obtains the prior written consent of the
Company.
c. The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company Indemnitees against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses
to which it or they may become subject if such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses arise solely out of, or are based solely on, (i) any
untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or the omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only if such untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission was made in the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) based upon and in conformity with written information
concerning the Agent furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use in the Prospectus or (ii) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of material fact contained in any other information (whether oral or in writing) provided by the Agent or any of its respective employees, agents,
representatives or affiliates to the Company or any other person in the course of providing services pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in
connection with the Offering.
12. Representations and Indemnities to Survive.  All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement of the Company and
the Agent shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination or cancellation of this Agreement, and shall survive delivery of and
payment for the Shares.
13. Termination and Payment of Expenses.  This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of
the Offering. If for any reason any Shares are not delivered by or on behalf of the Company as provided herein, the Company will reimburse the
Agent for all actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, reasonably incurred by the Agent in
making preparations for the purchase, sale and delivery of the Shares not so delivered, but the Company shall then be under no further liability to
the Agent except as provided in Section 8 and Section 10 hereof.
1014. Notices. All statements, requests, notices and agreements hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent
by reliable courier, first class mail, or facsimile transmission to:
    Agent:   As set forth on the signature page to this agreement
  Company:   El Banco Financial Corporation
623 Holcomb Bridge Road
Roswell, Georgia 30076
Facsimile: (678) 352-1514
    With a copy to:
Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP
999 Peachtree Street, Suit 1400
Atlanta, Georgia 30309
Attention: Rusty Pickering
Facsimile: (404) 817-6050
Any such statements, requests, notices or agreements shall take effect upon receipt thereof.
15. Non-Exclusive. This Agreement does not create an exclusive arrangement for the Agent to provide services to the Company, and nothing in
this Agreement shall preclude the Company from contracting or entering into an arrangement with any other sales agent, consultant, broker-dealer
or other person for such other person or entity to provide services to the Company as agent in the Offering and to receive compensation from the
Company in connection with the Offering.
16. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure solely to the benefit of, the Agent and the Company, and to the extent provided in
Sections 10, 11 and 12 hereof; the officers and directors of the Company and each person who controls the Company, or the Agent, and their
respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this
agreement. No purchaser of any of the Shares from the Agent shall be deemed a successor or assign by reason merely of such purchase.
17. Time of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement.
18. Business Day. As used herein, the term "business day" shall mean any day when the Commission's office in Washington, D.C. is open for
business.
19. Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
GEORGIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THOSE LAWS RELATING TO CHOICE OF LAW) APPLYING TO CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE
PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF GEORGIA. VENUE FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT WILL LIE IN
FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA.
20. Captions. The captions included in this Agreement are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not be deemed to be a part of this
Agreement.
21. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by any one or more of the parties in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
22. Pronouns. All pronouns used herein shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter gender as the context requires.
[Signatures on Following Page]
11IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day
and year first above written.
    EL BANCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
  By:
     
Name:
Its:
 
 
(SALES AGENT)
 
    By:  
     
Name:
Its:
    Address:  
     
   
   
12Appendix A 
 
Name of Investor
 
 
Amount of Investment
 
13QuickLinks
EL BANCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION AGENCY AGREEMENT
Appendix AExhibit 1.1
 
400,000 Shares
 
BLUEROCK RESIDENTIAL GROWTH REIT, INC.
 
8.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
 
AGENCY AGREEMENT
 
May 25, 2016
 
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC
1055 Thomas Jefferson Street N.W.
Suite 303
Washington, DC 20007
 
As Sales Agent
 
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “ Company”), together with Bluerock Residential Holdings, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership for which the Company is the sole general partner (the “ Operating Partnership” and together with the Company, the
“Transaction Entities”) and BRG Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Manager”), agrees that it may issue and sell through
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, acting as agent (the “Agent”), up to a total of 400,000 shares (the “ Offered Shares”) of its 8.250% Series
A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “ Series A Preferred Stock”) as set forth below. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitation set forth in this paragraph on the number of Offered
Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company, and the Agent shall have no obligation in connection
with such compliance.
 
Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership (the “ OP Agreement”), as
amended by that First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as further
amended by that Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as
further amended by that Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership
and as further amended by the Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating
Partnership, upon receipt of the net proceeds of the sale of the Offered Shares on the Settlement Date (as defined below), the Company, through its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluerock REIT Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Holdings LLC”), will contribute such net proceeds
to the Operating Partnership in exchange for a number of 8.250% Series A Cumulative  Redeemable Preferred Units of partnership interest in the
Operating Partnership (the “Series A Preferred OP Units”) that is equivalent to the number of Offered Shares to be sold (the “ Company Preferred OP
Units”).1. Representations and Warranties of the Transaction Entities.
 
(a) Representations and Warranties . The Transaction Entities, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to, and agree with, the
Agent that:
 
(i) Filing and Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Certain Defined Terms . The Company has filed with the Commission
a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-208956) covering the registration of the Offered Shares under the Act,
including a base prospectus (the “ Base Prospectus ”). Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial
statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under the Act, including all
documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein and any information deemed to be a part
thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Act, shall be referred to as the “ Registration
Statement.” Any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act in connection with
the offer and sale of the Offered Shares is called the “ Rule 462(b) Registration Statement,” and from and after the date
and time of filing of any such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement the term “Registration Statement” shall include the
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. As used herein, the term “ Prospectus ” shall mean the final prospectus supplement
to the Base Prospectus dated the date hereof that describes the Offered Shares and the offering thereof (the “ Final
Prospectus Supplement ”), together with the Base Prospectus, in the form first used by the Agent to meet requests of
purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Act. References herein to the Prospectus shall refer to both the prospectus
supplement and the Base Prospectus components of such prospectus,  including all documents incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated by reference therein .
 
The Registration Statement has been declared effective under the Act. The Offered Shares all have been duly registered
under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Company has complied, to the Commission’s satisfaction,
with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information, if any. No stop order suspending the
effectiveness of or use of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Act, and no order preventing or
suspending the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any such purposes have been instituted
and are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part
of the Commission for additional information from the Company in connection with the Registration Statement has been
complied with. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act. The documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package (as defined
below) and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, or became effective under
the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will comply (as applicable) in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.
 
  2For purposes of this Agreement:
 
“430B Information,” with respect to any registration statement, means information included in a prospectus and
retroactively deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B(b).
 
“Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
“Applicable Time” means of the time of the sale of the Offered Shares pursuant to this Agreement.
 
“Settlement Date” has the meaning defined in Section 3 hereof.
 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“Effective Time” with respect to the Registration Statement, means the date and time as of which such Registration
Statement was declared effective by the Commission.
 
“Environmental Law” means any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, decree, judgment,
injunction, permit, license, authorization or other binding requirement, or common law, relating to health, safety or the
protection, cleanup or restoration of the environment or natural resources, including those relating to the distribution,
processing, generation, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, other handling or release or threatened release of
Hazardous Materials.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
“General Disclosure Package” means the Prospectus, together with the information and free writing prospectuses, if any,
identified in  Schedule A  hereto. “ General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus ” means any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors (other than a “bona fide electronic road
show”, defined in Rule 433 (the “Bona Fide Electronic Road Show”)), as evidenced by its being so specified in  Schedule
A to this Agreement.
 
“Hazardous Materials ” means any material (including, without limitation, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous or toxic
substances or wastes), the presence of which in the environment is prohibited, regulated or serves as the basis of
liability as defined, listed or regulated by any Environmental Law.
 
  3“Issuer Free Writing Prospectus ” means any “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433, relating to the
Offered Shares, including, without limitation, any “free writing prospectus” (as defined in Rule 405) relating to the
Offered Shares that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written
communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii)
exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Offered
Shares or of the offering of the Offered Shares that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or
required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Company’s records
pursuant to Rule 433(g).
 
“Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus” means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not a General Use Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus.
 
A “Registration Statement” without reference to a time means such Registration Statement as of its Effective Time. For
purposes of the foregoing definitions, 430B Information with respect to a Registration Statement shall be considered to
be included in such Registration Statement as of the time specified in Rule 430B.
 
“LTIP Units” means the special units of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership having the rights, preferences
and other privileges designated in Section 4.04 and elsewhere in the OP Agreement.
 
“Rules and Regulations” means the rules and regulations of the Commission.
 
“Securities Laws” means, collectively, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“ Sarbanes-Oxley”), the Act, the Exchange Act,
the Rules and Regulations, the auditing principles, rules, standards and practices applicable to auditors of “issuers” (as
defined in Sarbanes-Oxley) promulgated or approved by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as
applicable, the rules of the NYSE MKT, LLC (the “NYSE MKT”) (“Exchange Rules”).
 
“Statutory Prospectus ” means the Base Prospectus, as amended and supplemented immediately prior to the Applicable
Time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part
thereof. For purposes of this definition, Rule 430B Information contained in a form of prospectus that is deemed
retroactively to be a part of the Registration Statement shall be considered to be included in the Statutory Prospectus as
of the actual time that such form of prospectus is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act.
 
  4“Subsidiary” or “Subsidiaries” means each of the entities listed on  Schedule A, which i) comprise all of the subsidiaries
of the Transaction Entities, including the entities in which the Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly, all of
the membership interests; ii) hold assets and iii) such omitted entities are considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, would not constitute a “significant subsidiary” within the meaning of Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X.
 
Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a “ rule” or “Rule” is to the indicated rule under the Act.
 
(ii) Compliance with Securities Act Requirements. (A) (1) At the Effective Time, (2) on the date of this Agreement and (3) on
the Settlement Date, the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto complied and will comply in all
respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder, and did not, does not and will not
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; and (B) the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of their respective issue
dates, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder, and
neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue
date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and at the Settlement Date, included, includes
or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
representations and warranties contained herein do not apply to statements in or omissions from any document
discussed herein based upon written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein, it
being understood and agreed that such information is only that described as such in  Section 8(b) hereof (collectively,
the “Agent Information”).
 
(iii) General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time and on the Settlement Date, none of (A) the General Disclosure
Package, (B) any individual Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General
Disclosure Package and/or (C) each road show, if any, when considered together with, and as may be corrected by, the
General Disclosure Package, included, includes or will include any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or
will omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from
any Statutory Prospectus, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or road show made in reliance upon and in conformity with
the Agent Information.
 
  5(iv) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses . Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and, to the extent not
superseded or modified, at all subsequent times through the completion of the offer and sale of the Offered Shares did
not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information then
contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed, conforms or
will conform in all respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder. The Company has
not made any offer relating to the Offered Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the
prior written consent of the Agent; provided that such consent is deemed to have been given with respect to each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus identified on  Schedule A to this Agreement. The Company (A) has filed or will file each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Act and the Rules and
Regulations thereunder in accordance therewith and/or (B) has retained or will retain in accordance with the Act and the
Rules and Regulations thereunder all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that were not required to be filed pursuant to the
Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder. The Company has made any Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in
compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(i) such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h)) is required in
connection with the offering of the  Series A Preferred Stock.
 
(v) Ineligible Issuer Status . As of the determination date referenced in Rule 164(h) under the Act, the Company was not, is
not or will not be (as applicable) an “ineligible issuer” in connection with the offering of the Offered Shares pursuant to
Rules 164, 405 and 433, including (x) the Company or its subsidiaries in the preceding three years not having been
convicted of a felony or misdemeanor or having been made the subject of a judicial or administrative decree or order as
described in Rule 405 and (y) the Company or its subsidiaries in the preceding three years not having been the subject
of a bankruptcy petition or insolvency or similar proceeding, not having had a registration statement be the subject of a
proceeding or examination under Section 8 of the Act and not being the subject of a pending proceeding under Section
8A of the Act in connection with an offering, all as described in Rule 405.
 
(vi) Good Standing of the Transaction Entities . The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a
corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland and is in good standing with the State Department of Assessments
and Taxation of Maryland, with the full corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as
described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and
perform its obligations under this Agreement to which it is a party; and the Company is duly qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or
in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
earnings, business, properties or prospects of the Transaction Entities and each of their respective Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole (a “ Material Adverse Effect ”). The Operating Partnership has been duly formed and is validly existing as a
limited partnership in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its
properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement to which it is a party; and the Operating
Partnership is duly qualified to do business as a foreign organization in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which
its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to
be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
  6(vii) Subsidiaries. Each Subsidiary (including, without limitation, Holdings LLC) has been duly incorporated or organized and
is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with power
and authority (corporate or other) to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and each Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation or organization in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of
property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock,
partnership interests or membership interests of each Subsidiary, including the outstanding LTIP Units of the Operating
Partnership, has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable (except with respect to
future contributions as provided in the operating agreement or limited partnership agreement (or similar organizational
document) of the applicable Subsidiary made subsequent to the date hereof); and the capital stock, membership interest,
limited partnership interest or other equity interest of each Subsidiary held by the Transaction Entities or a Subsidiary,
as applicable, is held as set forth on  Schedule C hereto. The Transaction Entities, directly or indirectly through their
respective Subsidiaries, hold good and marketable title to their equity interests in their respective Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or security interest, except as described in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, subject only to restrictions on transfer imposed under applicable U.S.
federal and state securities laws and the limited liability company agreement, limited partnership agreement or other
organizational document of each Subsidiary; and have not conveyed, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
any of their respective equity interests in their Subsidiaries, in whole or in part, or granted any rights, options or rights
of first refusal or first offer to purchase any of such interests or any portion thereof.
 
  7(viii) Subsidiaries of Transaction Entities . The Transaction Entities do not own or control, directly or indirectly, any
corporation, association or other entity other than (i) the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21 to the Registration Statement,
(ii) the subsidiaries not listed on Exhibit 21 but listed on Schedule A hereto, and (ii) such other entities omitted from
Exhibit 21 which, when such omitted entities are considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute
a “significant subsidiary” within the meaning of Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X.
 
(ix) Authorization of the Agreement . This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the
Transaction Entities and is enforceable against each Transaction Entity in accordance with the applicable terms
contained herein.
 
(x) Shares. The Offered Shares and all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized; the
authorized equity capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization”, all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
are, and when the Offered Shares have been delivered and paid for in accordance with this Agreement on the Settlement
Date as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, such Offered Shares
will be, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will conform to the information in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to the description of such Offered Shares contained therein; the
stockholders of the Company have no preemptive rights with respect to the Offered Shares; none of the outstanding
shares of capital stock have been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any security holder; any
forms of certificates used to represent the Offered Shares comply in all material respects with all applicable statutory
requirements and with any applicable requirements of the Organizational Documents of the Company, and with any
requirements of the NYSE MKT. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, there are no outstanding (a) securities of the Company reserved for any purpose (other than certain
outstanding common units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (the “ OP Units”) and LTIP Units
disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), (b) securities or obligations of the Company
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (the
“Common Stock”), Series A Preferred Stock or shares of Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock outstanding, par value
$0.01 per share (the “ Series B Preferred Stock”), (c) warrants, rights or options to subscribe for or purchase from the
Company any such shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock or any such
convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations or (d) obligations of the Company to issue or sell any shares of
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or
obligations, or any such warrants, rights or options. At the Settlement Date, should the maximum number of Offered
Shares be sold, there will be 19,565,106 shares of Common Stock outstanding, 5,721,460 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock outstanding, 1,169,881 LTIP Units outstanding, 5,721,460 Series A Preferred OP Units outstanding, warrants to
purchase approximately 25,720 shares of Common Stock outstanding, approximately 1,286 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, approximately 1,286 Series B Preferred Units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (the “ Series B
Preferred OP Units”) and 19,870,674 OP Units outstanding, and each such class of securities conforms to the description
set out in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
 
  8(xi) No Equity Awards. Except for grants (including those subject to issuance under the Management Agreement) disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not granted, to any
person or entity a stock option or other equity-based award of or to purchase Common Stock,  Series A Preferred Stock
or Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to an equity-based compensation plan or otherwise.
 
(xii) OP Units and Preferred OP Units.
 
(1) OP Units. All outstanding OP Units have been duly authorized; all outstanding OP Units are validly issued and
will conform to the information in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus and to the description of such OP Units contained therein; the holders of the outstanding OP Units
have no preemptive rights with respect to the outstanding OP Units; none of the outstanding OP Units have
been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any security holder; all outstanding OP Units
have been issued and sold in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
outstanding (a) securities of the Operating Partnership reserved for any purpose, (b) securities or obligations
of the Operating Partnership convertible into or exchangeable or redeemable for any partnership interests of the
Operating Partnership, (c) warrants, rights or options to subscribe for or purchase from the Operating
Partnership any such partnership interests or any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations or
(d) obligations of the Operating Partnership to issue or sell any partnership interests, any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such warrants, rights or options. There are  19,870,674 OP Units
outstanding, of which the Company owns, directly or indirectly,  19,565,106 OP Units.
 
  9(2) Series A Preferred OP Units . All outstanding Series A Preferred OP Units have been duly authorized; all
outstanding Series A Preferred OP Units are validly issued and will conform to the information in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to the description of such
Series A Preferred OP Units contained therein; the holders of the outstanding OP Units have no preemptive
rights with respect to the outstanding Series A Preferred OP Units; none of the outstanding Series A Preferred
OP Units have been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any security holder; all
outstanding Series A Preferred OP Units have been issued and sold in compliance with all applicable federal
and state securities laws. The Company Preferred OP Units have been duly authorized; when the Company
Preferred OP Units have been delivered and paid for in accordance with the OP Agreement, the Company
Preferred OP Units will be validly issued and will conform to the information in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to the description of such Company Preferred OP Units
contained therein; there are no outstanding preemptive rights with respect to the Company Preferred OP Units;
none of the outstanding  Company Preferred OP Units have been issued in violation of any preemptive or
similar rights of any security holder; all Company Preferred OP Units have been and will be, issued and sold in
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. There are  5,321,460 Series A Preferred OP Units
outstanding, and at the Settlement Date, should all Offered Shares be sold pursuant to this Agreement, there
will be 5,721,460 Series A Preferred OP Units outstanding, of which the Company will own, directly or indirectly,
100% of such Series A Preferred OP Units. 
 
(3) Series B Preferred OP Units . All outstanding Series B Preferred OP Units have been duly authorized; all
outstanding Series B Preferred OP Units are validly issued and will conform to the information in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to the description of such
Series B Preferred OP Units contained therein; the holders of the outstanding OP Units have no preemptive
rights with respect to the outstanding Series B Preferred OP Units; none of the outstanding Series B Preferred
OP Units have been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any security holder; all
outstanding Series B Preferred OP Units have been issued and sold in compliance with all applicable federal
and state securities laws. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding (a) securities of the Operating Partnership reserved for any
purpose, (b) securities or obligations of the Operating Partnership convertible into or exchangeable or
redeemable for any partnership interests of the Operating Partnership, (c) warrants, rights or options to
subscribe for or purchase from the Operating Partnership any such partnership interests or any such
convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations or (d) obligations of the Operating Partnership to issue or
sell any partnership interests, any such convertible or exchangeable securities or obligations, or any such
warrants, rights or options. As of the Settlement Date there are approximately  1,286 Series B Preferred OP Units
outstanding, of which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of Series B Preferred OP Units.
 
  10(xiii) No Finder’s Fee . Except for the Agent’s discounts and commissions payable by the Company to the Agent in
connection with the Offered Shares contemplated herein or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no contracts, agreements or understandings that would give
rise to a valid claim against the Company or the Agent for a brokerage commission, finder’s fee or other like payment in
connection with this offering.
 
(xiv) Registration Rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
there are no contracts, agreements or understandings by either of the Transaction Entities or their respective
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any person, on the other hand, granting such person the right to require either of the
Transaction Entities or such Subsidiaries to file a registration statement under the Act with respect to any securities of
either of the Transaction Entities or their respective Subsidiaries owned or to be owned by such person or to require
either of the Transaction Entities or such Subsidiaries to include such securities in the securities registered pursuant to a
Registration Statement or in any securities being registered pursuant to any other registration statement filed by either
of the Transaction Entities or such Subsidiaries under the Act (collectively, “ Registration Rights”).
 
(xv) Articles Supplementary . The articles supplementary of the Company designating the rights and preferences of the
Offered Shares (the “ Articles Supplementary ”), comply with all applicable requirements under the Maryland General
Corporation Law (the “MGCL”).
 
  11(xvi) Listing. The Offered Shares are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, which registration will be maintained
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act as of the Settlement Date; and the Company has applied for approval for
the listing of the Offered Shares on the NYSE MKT and will receive such approval prior to the Settlement Date.
 
(xvii) Absence of Further Requirements . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any
governmental agency or body or any court is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the OP Agreement or any other agreements in connection with the offering, issuance and sale of the Offered
Shares by the Company or the issuance and sale of the Company Preferred OP Units by the Operating Partnership or the
performance of obligations hereunder or pursuant to the terms of the Offered Shares, except the filing of the Prospectus
under the Act and a Form 8-K under the Exchange Act and except such as have been already obtained or as may be
required under state securities laws, FINRA or the NYSE MKT.
 
(xviii) Title to Property. (1) The Transaction Entities hold, directly or indirectly through their respective Subsidiaries, good and
marketable fee simple title to all of the real property described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus and the improvements (exclusive of improvements owned by tenants, if applicable) located
thereon (individually, a “ Property” and collectively, the “ Properties”), in each case, free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances, claims, security interests, restrictions and defects, except such as are disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or do not materially affect the value of such Properties
as a whole and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such Properties as a whole by
the Company; (2) except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
none of the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries owns any real property other than the Properties;
(3) except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the mortgages
or deeds of trust that encumber certain of the Properties are not convertible into debt or equity securities of the
Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries and such mortgages and deeds of trust are not cross-defaulted
with any loan not made to, or cross-collateralized to any property not owned directly or indirectly by, the Transaction
Entities or their respective Subsidiaries; (4) each of the Properties complies with all applicable codes, laws and
regulations (including without limitation, building and zoning codes, laws and regulations and laws relating to access to
the Properties), except as would not individually or in the aggregate materially affect the value of the Properties or
interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of the Properties by the Transaction
Entities; (5) except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither
of the Transaction Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries has received from any governmental authority any written
notice of any condemnation of or zoning change affecting the Properties or any part thereof which if consummated
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and none of the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries know of any such
condemnation or zoning change which is threatened and, in each case, which if consummated would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business; (6) no third party has an option or a
right of first refusal to purchase any Property or any portion thereof or direct interest therein, except as such is set forth
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (7) each of the Transaction
Entities or one of its respective Subsidiaries has obtained an owner’s title insurance policy, from a title insurance
company licensed to issue such policy, on each Property that insures the Transaction Entities’, the respective
Subsidiary’s fee interest in such Property.
 
  12(xix) Leases. (1) Each of the Transaction Entities or one of its Subsidiaries holds the lessor’s interest under the applicable
leases with any tenants occupying each Property (collectively, the “ Leases”); (2) other than the Leases, none of the
Transaction Entities or their respective Subsidiaries has entered into any agreements that would materially affect the
value of the Properties as a whole or would materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
Properties as a whole by the Transaction Entities; (3) none of the Transaction Entities, their respective Subsidiaries, or,
to the Transaction Entities’ knowledge, any other party to any Lease, is or, upon consummation of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, will be in breach or default of any such Lease, except as to any such breach or default
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole; (4) no event has occurred or, to the Transaction Entities’ knowledge, has been threatened in writing, which with
or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would, individually or together with all such other events,
constitute a default under any Lease, or would, permit termination, modification or acceleration under such Lease, except
as to any such default as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (5) each of the Leases is valid and binding and in full force and effect, subject to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws relating to creditors’ rights and general principles of
equity, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities or their respective Subsidiaries;
and (6) none of the Transaction Entities, their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the Transaction Entities’ knowledge, any
other party to any Lease, is a party to any ground lease, sublease or operating sublease relating to any of their
Properties.
 
  13(xx) Utilities. To the knowledge of the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, water, stormwater, sanitary
sewer, electricity and telephone service are all available at the property lines of each Property over duly dedicated
streets or perpetual easements of record benefiting the applicable Property.
 
(xxi) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction . The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, and the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares by the Company (including the issuance of the Conversion
Shares (as defined below)) and the issuance and sale of the Company Preferred OP Units by the Operating Partnership,
and the use of net proceeds therefrom as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, will not result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default or,
to the extent applicable, a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under or result in the imposition of any
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Transaction Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries pursuant to (A) the Organizational Documents (as defined below) of the Transaction Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries, (B) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of
their Properties, or (C) any agreement, lease, contract, indenture or other agreement or instrument to which the
Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Transaction Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the Properties of the Transaction Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries is subject, and except in case of clause (B) only, for such defaults, violations, liens, charges or
encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
A “Debt Repayment Triggering Event” means any event or condition that gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of
time would give, the holder of any guarantee, note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting
on such holder’s behalf) the right to require the satisfaction, repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of
such indebtedness by the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries.
 
The term “Organizational Documents” as used herein means (a) in the case of a trust, its declaration of trust and bylaws;
(b) in the case of a corporation, its charter and bylaws; (c) in the case of a limited or general partnership, its partnership
certificate, certificate of formation or similar organizational documents and its partnership agreement; (d) in the case of a
limited liability company, its articles of organization, certificate of formation or similar organizational documents and its
operating agreement, limited liability company agreement, membership agreement or other similar agreement; and (e) in
the case of any other entity, the organizational and governing documents of such entity.
 
  14(xxii) Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts . Neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is
(A) in violation of its respective Organizational Documents; (B) in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time
would be in default) under any existing obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, loan,
contract, note, agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument to which any of them is a party or by which
any of them is bound or to which any of the properties of any of them is subject; or (C) in violation of any law or statute
or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except in the
case of clauses (B) and (C) above, for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(xxiii) Absence of Dividend Restriction . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, (i) neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is currently prohibited,
restricted or limited in its respective ability to pay, directly or indirectly, distributions or dividends to its equity holders,
limited partners, general partners or members, as applicable, (ii) no Subsidiary is prohibited, directly or indirectly, from
repaying to the Transaction Entities any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Transaction Entities or from
transferring any of such Subsidiary’s property or assets to the Transaction Entities or any other Subsidiary and (iii) the
Operating Partnership is not prohibited, directly or indirectly, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to
the Operating Partnership from the Company or from transferring any of the Operating Partnership’s property or assets
to the Company.
 
(xxiv) Possession of Licenses and Permits . The Transaction Entities and each of their respective Subsidiaries possess, and are
in compliance with the terms of, all adequate certificates, authorizations, franchises, licenses and permits (“ Licenses”)
necessary or material to the conduct of the business now conducted or proposed in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted by them and have not received any notice of
proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Licenses that, if determined adversely to the Transaction
Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
  15(xxv) Absence of Labor Dispute . No labor dispute with the employees of the Transaction Entities or their respective
Subsidiaries exists, except as described in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package or Prospectus, or, to
the knowledge of the Transaction Entities, is imminent, which, in any such case, would, singly or in the aggregate, result
in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(xxvi) Possession of Intellectual Property . The Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have access to, adequate
patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or
other intellectual property necessary to conduct the business now operated by them; and neither the Transaction
Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries have received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of
others with respect to any of the foregoing which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole.
 
(xxvii) Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
and except as would not reasonably be expected to result, singly or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect,
neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries (and, to the knowledge of the Transaction
Entities, no tenant or subtenant of any Property or portion thereof owned or leased by the Transaction Entities or their
respective Subsidiaries) is in violation of any Environmental Law, including relating to the release of Hazardous
Materials, and there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Transaction Entities, threatened administrative,
regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance, investigations or proceedings
relating to any such violation or alleged violation. There are no past or present events, conditions, circumstances,
activities, practices, actions, omissions or plans that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any costs or liabilities
to the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries under, or to interfere with or prevent compliance by the
Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries with, Environmental Laws, except as such would not have a
Material Adverse Effect and would not have a material adverse effect on a Property or a prospective acquisition
property described in the Prospectus, or any of their respective operations, financial results or value. There are no costs
or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures
required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval,
any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) that would, singly or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
  16(xxviii) Accurate Disclosure . The statements in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
under the captions “Prospectus Supplement Summary, “Additional Material Federal Income Tax Considerations,”
“Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.,” “Description of the Securities We May Offer,” “Description of Capital Stock,”
“Description of Depositary Shares,” “Description of Debt Securities,” “Description of Warrants,” “Description of
Units,” “Book Entry Procedures and Settlement,” “Important Provisions of Maryland Corporate Law and Our Charter
and Bylaws,” “Material Federal Income Tax Considerations,” and “Plan of Distribution,” insofar as such statements
summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein, are accurate and fair summaries of
such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings and present the information required to be shown.
 
(xxix) Absence of Manipulation . None of the Transaction Entities, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any affiliates of the
Transaction Entities, has taken, directly or indirectly, any action that is designed to or that has constituted or that would
cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or
resale of the Offered Shares.
 
(xxx) Statistical and Market-Related Data . Any third-party statistical and market-related data included in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the
Transaction Entities believe to be reliable and accurate and, to the extent required, they have obtained written consent to
use such data from such sources.
 
(xxxi) Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the
Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable
provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including
Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.
 
(xxxii) Internal Controls . The Transaction Entities and each of their respective subsidiaries maintain (A) effective internal
controls over financial reporting (as defined under Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) and (B) a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in
accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP”) and to
maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or
specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as described in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Company’s most recent audited
fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (whether or
not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Other than as set forth
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the date of the most recent
balance sheet of the Company reviewed or audited by the Company’s accountants, (i) the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company (the “ Board”) has not been advised of (A) any significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal controls that could adversely affect the ability of the Company to record, process, summarize and
report financial data, or any material weaknesses in internal controls and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the internal controls of the Company, and (ii)
there have been no significant changes in internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected the
Company’s internal controls over financial reporting, including any corrective actions with regard to significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses.
 
  17(xxxiii) Disclosure Controls . The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective system of “disclosure controls and
procedures” (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements
of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, including controls and procedures
designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and such disclosure controls and procedures are
effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established.
 
(xxxiv) XBRL. The interactive data in extensible Business Reporting Language included in the Registration Statement fairly
presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission’s
rules and guidelines applicable thereto.
 
  18(xxxv) Litigation. Other than as described in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and Prospectus, there are
no pending actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental
agency or body, domestic or foreign) against or affecting the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries
or Properties that, if determined adversely to the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or
Properties, would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Transaction Entities to perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement, or which are otherwise material in the context of the sale of the Offered Shares; and
no such actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or
body, domestic or foreign) are threatened or, to the Transaction Entities’ knowledge, contemplated against their
respective Subsidiaries or the Properties.
 
(xxxvi) Financial Statements; Non-GAAP Financial Measures . The financial statements of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with
the related schedules and notes, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated, and the balance sheet, statements of operations, changes in
members’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved and comply with the Commission’s rules and guidelines with respect thereto. The supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus relating to the Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The
combined statements of revenue and certain expenses included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, together with the related notes, comply with Rule 8-06 of Regulation S-X and present fairly
in all material respects the revenue and certain expenses of the applicable Property for the periods specified; said
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved and comply with the Commission’s rules and guidelines with respect thereto. The selected financial data and
the summary financial information included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the
audited, or unaudited as applicable, financial statements of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries included
therein and comply with the Commission’s rules and guidelines with respect thereto. The pro forma financial statements,
if any, and the related notes thereto included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, comply with the Commission’s rules and
guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements and have been properly compiled on the bases described
therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are
appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. Except as included therein, no
historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Act or Rules and Regulations thereunder. All
disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding “non-
GAAP financial measures” (as such term is defined by the Rules and Regulations ) comply with Regulation G of the
Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Act to the extent applicable.
 
  19(xxxvii) No Material Adverse Change in Business . Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the period covered by the latest audited financial statements included
therein (A) there has been no change, nor any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition
(financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, earnings, properties or prospects of the Transaction Entities and
their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that is material and adverse, (B) there has been no dividend or
distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Transaction Entities and the Subsidiaries, on any class of the
capital stock, membership interest or other equity interest, as applicable, except as would not have been required to be
disclosed pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations, (C) there has been no material change in the
capital shares of stock, short-term indebtedness, long-term indebtedness, net current assets or net assets of the
Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (D) there has not been any material transaction entered into
or any material transaction that is probable of being entered into by the Transaction Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries, other than transactions in the ordinary course of business and changes and transactions disclosed or
described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (E) there has not been any
obligation, direct or contingent, which is material to the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, incurred by the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, except obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business and changes and transactions disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (F) none of the Transaction Entities or any of their subsidiaries has
sustained any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered
by insurance, or from any labor disturbance or dispute or any action, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority that would, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
  20(xxxviii)Investment Company Act . Neither of the Transaction Entities are, nor after giving effect to the offering and sale of the
Offered Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will be required to register as an “investment company” as defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “ Investment Company Act ”).
 
(xxxix) Indebtedness . Neither the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has any indebtedness as of the
date of this Agreement, and neither the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries will have any
indebtedness immediately prior to the sale of the Offered Shares on the Settlement Date, in each case except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
 
(xl) Insurance. The Transaction Entities and each of their respective Subsidiaries are insured by insurers with appropriately
rated claims paying abilities against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for the
businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Transaction
Entities, their respective Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full
force and effect; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has been refused any
insurance coverage sought or applied for; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has
any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a similar cost as
currently paid, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus; and the Company has obtained or will obtain directors’ and officers’ insurance in such amounts as is
customary for companies engaged in the type of business conducted by the Company.
 
(xli) Tax Law Compliance. Each of the Transaction Entities and the Subsidiaries has timely filed all federal, state and local tax
returns that are required to be filed or has timely requested extensions thereof (“ Returns”), except for any failures to file
that, individually or collectively, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, and has paid all taxes required to be paid
by it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and
payable, except for any such assessments, fines or penalties that are currently being contested in good faith or that,
individually or collectively, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No audits or other administrative proceedings
or court proceedings are presently pending against any of the Transaction Entities or the Subsidiaries with regard to any
Returns, and no taxing authority has notified any of the Transaction Entities or the Subsidiaries that it intends to
investigate its tax affairs, except for any such audits or investigations that, individually or collectively, would not result
in the assessment of material taxes.
 
  21(xlii) Real Estate Investment Trust . The Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements
for qualification and taxation as a real estate investment trust (a “ REIT”) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “ Code”), for its taxable years ended December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2015, and the Company’s
organization and method of operation (as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus) will enable the Company to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT
under the Code for its taxable year ending December 31, 2016 and thereafter. All statements regarding the Company’s
qualification and taxation as a REIT set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus are correct in all material respects.
 
(xliii) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that
are not described or filed as required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K or otherwise under the Rules and Regulations.
 
(xliv) No Restriction on Subsidiaries . No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, under any
agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or is subject, from paying any dividends to the Company, from
making any other distribution on such Subsidiary’s capital stock or membership interest, from repaying to the Company
any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiary’s properties or
assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
 
(xlv) No Unlawful Payments. None of the Transaction Entities, any of their respective Subsidiaries, any director or officer or,
to the knowledge of the Transaction Entities, any agent, employee or other person associated with or acting on behalf of
the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in
violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder; or (iv) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.
 
  22(xlvi) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws . The operations of the Transaction Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and
reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable
anti-money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions in which the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries
conduct business or whose Anti-Money Laundering Laws (as defined below) apply to the Transaction Entities, the
rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or
enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “ Anti-Money Laundering Laws ”) and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the
Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Transaction Entities, threatened.
 
(xlvii) Compliance with OFAC. None of the Transaction Entities, any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of
either of the Transaction Entities, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate thereof is currently subject to any U.S.
sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“ OFAC”); and
the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering of the  Series A Preferred Stock hereunder, or
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or
entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered or
enforced by OFAC.
 
(xlviii) Prior Sales of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred OP Units, Series B Preferred OP Units,
Series A OP Units or LTIP Units. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, the Company has not sold, issued or distributed any  Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock, and the Operating Partnership has not issued, sold or distributed any  Series A Preferred OP Units, Series B
Preferred OP Units, Series A OP Units or LTIP Units during the six-month period preceding the date hereof.
 
(xlix) Fourth Amendment to the OP Agreement . The terms of the Fourth Amendment to the OP Agreement provide for a
sufficient number of Series A Preferred OP Units, the terms of which are substantially similar to the terms of the  Series A
Preferred Stock.
 
  23(l) Compliance with Laws. Each of the OP Agreement, the First Amendment to the OP Agreement, the Second Amendment
to the OP Agreement, the Third Amendment and the Fourth Amendment to the OP Agreement comply with all applicable
laws and each of the aforementioned amendments to the OP Agreement have been adopted in accordance with the OP
Agreement.
 
(li) Independent Accountants . BDO USA, LLP and Plante & Moran, PLLC, who have certified the financial statements and
supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are
independent public accountants as required by the Act, the Rules and Regulations and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board.
 
(lii) ERISA Matters. The Transaction Entities and each of their Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all
presently applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including the
regulations and published interpretations thereunder (“ ERISA”); no “reportable event” (as defined in ERISA) has
occurred with respect to any “pension plan” (as defined in ERISA) for which the Transaction Entities and each
Subsidiary would have any liability; the Transaction Entities and each Subsidiary has not incurred and does not expect
to incur liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any “pension plan” or (ii)
Sections 412, 403, 431, 432 or 4971 of the Code; and each “pension plan” for which the Transaction Entities or any
Subsidiary would have any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified in all
material respects and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such
qualification.
 
(liii) Enforceability of Management Agreement. The Management Agreement by and among the Transaction Entities and the
Manager (the “Management Agreement ”), has been duly authorized by the Transaction Entities and constitutes a valid
and binding agreement of the Transaction Entities enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors’ rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity and,
with respect to equitable relief, the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).
 
(liv) Subsidiary Partnership Tax Classification. Each of the Operating Partnership and each Subsidiary that is a partnership or
a limited liability company under state law has been at all relevant times properly classified as a partnership or a
disregarded entity, and not as a corporation or an association taxable as a corporation, for federal income tax purposes.
 
  24(lv) Related-Party Transactions. There are no relationships, whether direct or indirect, or related-party transactions involving
the Transaction Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that have not been described as required by
the Act.
 
(b) Certificates of Officers. Any certificate signed by any officer of either Transaction Entity, as applicable, and delivered to the
Agent or its counsel in connection with the offering of the Offered Shares shall be deemed a representation and warranty by each
Transaction Entity, as applicable, as to matters covered thereby, to the Agent.
 
2. Representations and Warranties Regarding the Manager.
 
(a) Representations and Warranties . The Manager represents and warrants to the Agent and agrees with the Agent that:
 
(i) Good Standing of the Manager . The Manager has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability
company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Manager and
each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign entity to transact business and is in good standing in each other
jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the
conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect.
 
(ii) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Manager.
 
(iii) Absence of Further Requirements . No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any
court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Manager of its
obligations under this Agreement and the Management Agreement, except such as have been already obtained or as
may be required under the Act, Exchange Act Regulations, state securities laws, FINRA or the NYSE MKT.
 
(iv) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts . The Manager is not in violation of its organizational documents or in default in the
performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Manager is a
party or will be a party in connection with this Agreement (including the Management Agreement) or by which it may be
bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Manager is subject (collectively, “Manager’s Agreements and
Instruments”), except for such violations or defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement do not and will not, and in the case of the performance of the
Management Agreement, will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with
or constitute a breach of, or default or repayment event under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Manager pursuant to, the Manager’s Agreements and Instruments
(except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or repayment events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not
result in a Material Adverse Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of (A) the provisions of the
Organizational Documents of the Manager or (B) any statute, law, rule, regulation, or order of any government agency or
body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Manager or any of its assets, properties or
operations, except in the case of clause (B) only, for any such violation that would not result in a Material Adverse
Effect.
 
  25(v) Possession of Licenses and Permits . The Manager possesses, and is in compliance with the terms of, all Licenses
necessary or material to the conduct of the business of the Manager now conducted or proposed in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted by the Manager, except where the failure
to possess such Licenses would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and has not
received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Licenses that, if determined
adversely to the Manager would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(vi) Employment; Noncompetition; Nondisclosure . The Manager has not been notified that any of its executive officers or
key employees named in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (each, a
“Company-Focused Professional”) plans to terminate his or her employment with the Manager. Neither the Manager nor,
to the knowledge of the Manager, any Company-Focused Professional is subject to any noncompete, nondisclosure,
confidentiality, employment, consulting or similar agreement that would be violated by the present or proposed business
activities of the Company or the Manager as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus.
 
(vii) Accurate Disclosure . The statements regarding the Manager in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under the captions “Prospectus Supplement Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Description of
Capital Stock—Distributions” and “Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.,” are true and correct in all material respects.
 
  26(viii) Absence of Manipulation . The Manager has not taken, and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action that is
designed to or that has constituted or that would be expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Shares.
 
(ix) Absence of Proceedings . There are no actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any
court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Manager,
threatened against or affecting the Manager that, if determined adversely to the Manager, would, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(x) Investment Advisers Act . The Manager is not prohibited by the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the
rules and regulations thereunder, from performing its obligations under the Management Agreement as described in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
 
(xi) Enforceability of Management Agreement . The Management Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary
action and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Manager enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to
the extent limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general
principles of equity and, with respect to equitable relief, the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).
 
(xii) Internal Controls . The Manager operates under the Company’s system of internal accounting controls in order to
provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions effectuated by it on behalf of the Company pursuant to its duties
set forth in the Management Agreement are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
authorization; and (B) access to the Company’s assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or
specific authorization.
 
(xiii) Resources. The Manager has the financial and other resources available to it necessary for the performance of its
services and obligations as contemplated hereby and in the Management Agreement, the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
 
  27(b) Certificates of Officers. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Manager and delivered to the Agent or its counsel shall be
deemed a representation and warranty by the Manager as to matters covered thereby, to the Agent.
 
3. Sale and Delivery of Offered Shares.
 
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Agent will use
commercially reasonable efforts on behalf of the Company in connection with the Agent’s services hereunder. No offers or sales of the
Offered Shares shall be made to any person without the prior approval of such person by the Company, such approval to be at the
reasonable discretion of the Company. The Agent’s aggregate fee for its services hereunder will be an amount equal to 3.15% of the gross
proceeds from the sale of the Offered Shares sold to Purchasers that are not affiliates of the Agent (such fee payable by the Company at
and subject to the consummation of Settlement). The Company, upon consultation with the Agent, may establish in the Company’s sole
discretion an aggregate amount of Shares to be sold in the offering contemplated hereby, which aggregate amount shall be reflected in the
Prospectus.
 
The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling the Offered Shares,
and (ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell the Offered Shares for
any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices to sell such Offered Shares as required herein.
 
The Company will deliver the Offered Shares to or as directed by the Agent in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent at or before 11:30
A.M., New York time, on May 26, 2016, or at such other time not later than seven (7) full business days thereafter as the Agent and the
Company mutually determine, in the sole discretion of each, such time being herein referred to as the “ Settlement Date”. Immediately and
only upon receipt of funds equal to the gross offering price of the Offered Shares, the Agent will then facilitate payment of the proceeds
net of the Agent’s fees specified herein, to the Company in Federal (same day) funds by wire transfer to an account at a bank acceptable
to the Agent drawn to the order of the Company at the office of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC (“ BBS”), no later than 5:30 P.M., New York time,
on May 26, 2016. If, as of 5 P.M., New York time, on the Settlement Date, the settlement of the Offered Shares has not been fully
consummated, including without limitation, receipt of the net offering proceeds by the Company, then Agent shall use its best efforts to
promptly deliver any of the Offered Shares that have been transferred by the Company to the credit of the Agent’s or its designee’s
account to the Company’s designated account through coordination with the Company and its transfer agent. For purposes of Rule 15c6-1
under the Exchange Act, the Settlement Date (if later than the otherwise applicable settlement date) shall be the settlement date for
payment of funds and delivery of securities for all the Offered Shares sold pursuant to the offering. The Offered Shares so to be delivered
or evidence of their issuance will be made available for review at the above office of BBS at least 24 hours prior to the Settlement Date.
 
  284. Reserved.
 
5. Certain Agreements of the Transaction Entities and the Manager.
 
(a) The Transaction Entities agree with the Agent that:
 
(i) Additional Filings. Unless filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) as part of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement in accordance
with the last sentence, the Company will file the Prospectus, in a form approved by the Agent, with the Commission
pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B and during the time period specified by Rule 424(b) and
Rule 430B. The Company will advise the Agent promptly of any such filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and provide
satisfactory evidence to the Agent of such timely filing.
 
(ii) Filing of Amendments; Response to Commission Requests . The Company, subject to Section 5(a)(iii) hereof, will comply
with the requirements of Rule 430B and will promptly advise the Agent of any proposal to amend or supplement at any
time the Registration Statement or any Statutory Prospectus and will not affect such amendment or supplementation
without the Agent’s consent; and the Company will also advise the Agent promptly of (A) any amendment or
supplementation of a Registration Statement or any Statutory Prospectus, (B) any request by the Commission or its staff
for any amendment to any Registration Statement, for any supplement to any Statutory Prospectus or for any additional
information, (C) the institution by the Commission of any stop order proceedings in respect of a Registration Statement
or, to the Company’s knowledge, the threatening of any proceeding for that purpose, and (D) the receipt by the
Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Offered Shares in any jurisdiction
or the institution or, to the Company’s knowledge, the threatening of any proceedings for such purpose. The Company
will use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the suspension of any such qualification and,
if issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof.
 
(iii) Reserved.
 
  29(iv) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. To comply with the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder so as to
permit the completion of the distribution of the Offered Shares as contemplated in this Agreement and in the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If, during such period after the first date of the placement of the Offered Shares
as in the opinion of counsel for the Agent the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof the notice referred to in Rule 173(a)) is (or,
but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by an
Agent or dealer, any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for
the Agent or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order that the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not
misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the
Registration Statement or amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be,
in order to comply with the requirements of the Act or the Rules and Regulations thereunder, the Company will promptly
(A) notify the Agent of such event, (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such
statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply
with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Agent with
copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement;
provided, that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Agent or its counsel
shall reasonably object. The Company will give the Agent notice of its intention to make any filings pursuant to the
Exchange Act or Rules and Regulations thereunder from the date of this Agreement to the Settlement Date and will
furnish the Agent with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the
case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Agent or its counsel shall reasonably object, other
than such filings as are required to be made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Rules and Regulations thereunder.
 
(v) Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make
generally available to its stockholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide
to the Agent the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the Act.
 
(vi) Furnishing of Registration Statements and Prospectuses . The Company will furnish to the Agent signed copies of each
Registration Statement (including all exhibits thereto), each related Statutory Prospectus, and, so long as a prospectus
relating to the Offered Shares is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act,
the Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in each case in such quantities as the Agent
requests. The Prospectus shall be so furnished on or prior to  9:00 A.M., New York time, on the business day following
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, or at such time as otherwise agreed to by the Agent. All other documents
shall be so furnished as soon as available. The Company will pay the expenses of printing and distributing to the Agent
all such documents.
 
  30(vii) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company will arrange for the qualification of the Offered Shares for sale under the laws of
such jurisdictions as the Agent designate and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the
distribution but in no event longer than one year.
 
(viii) Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Offered Shares is (or, but
for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Act, will file all documents required
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and
Rules and Regulations related thereto.
 
(ix) Payment of Expenses . The Transaction Entities will pay all expenses incident to the performance of their obligations
under this Agreement and all the costs and expenses in connection with the offering of the Offered Shares including but
not limited to (A) any filing fees and other expenses incurred in connection with qualification of the Offered Shares for
sale under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Agent designate and the preparation and printing of blue sky surveys or
legal investment surveys relating thereto, (B) costs and expenses related to the review by the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) of the Offered Shares (including filing fees and the fees and expenses of counsel
for the Agent relating to such review), (C) costs and expenses of legal counsel for the Agent incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the offering of the Offered Shares not to exceed $35,000, (D) costs and expenses of the Company
relating to investor presentations and any road show in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Shares, if
any, including, without limitation, (1) any travel expenses of the Company’s officers and employees and (2) any other
expenses of the Company, including all actually and reasonably incurred costs and expenses of the Agent advanced on
behalf of the Company relating to the investor presentations and any roadshow in connection with the offering and sale
of the Offered Shares, (E) the fees and expenses incident to listing the Offered Shares and Conversion Shares on the
NYSE MKT, (F) expenses incurred in distributing the Prospectus (including any amendments and supplements thereto)
to the Agent, (G) expenses incurred for preparing, printing and distributing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses to
investors or prospective investors, (H) stamp duties, similar taxes or duties or other similar fees or charges, if any,
incurred by the Agent in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Shares;  provided, however that the
Transaction Entities shall have no obligation to pay any costs and expenses of the Agent relating to the investor
presentations and any roadshow in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Shares, other than costs and
expenses advanced on behalf of the Company in accordance with (D) above.
 
  31(x) Use of Proceeds . The Company will use the net proceeds received in connection with the offering and sale of the
Offered Shares and will cause the Operating Partnership to use the net proceeds received in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Company Preferred OP Units in the manner described in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company does not intend to use any of the
proceeds from the sale of the Offered Shares hereunder to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of the
Agent.
 
(xi) Absence of Manipulation . The Transaction Entities will not, and will cause each of its subsidiaries and controlled
affiliates not to, take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might cause or result
in, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered
Shares.
 
(xii) Listing. The Company will maintain the registration of the Offered Shares pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act
as of the Settlement Date; and the Company will cause the Offered Shares to be listed on the NYSE MKT on or prior to
the Settlement Date.
 
(xiii) Maryland Law. The Company will use its best efforts to comply with all applicable requirements under the MGCL with
respect to the Offered Shares.
 
(xiv) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
 
(xv) Reserved.
 
(xvi) Qualification and Taxation as a REIT. The Company will use its best efforts to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the
Code for its taxable year ending December 31, 2016 and thereafter, unless the Board determines that it is no longer in the
best interests of the Company to continue to qualify as REIT.
 
(xvii) Market Value. The aggregate market value of the Company’s outstanding voting and nonvoting common equity
computed pursuant to General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3 equaled or exceeded $75 million as of a date within 60 days
prior to the date of filing of the Registration Statement.
 
(xviii) Conversion Shares . (i) Following issuance and delivery of the  Series A  Preferred Stock in accordance with this
Agreement, the  Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable at the option of holders of the  Series A Preferred Stock
beginning October 21, 2022 as provided in Articles Supplementary, and any such redemption by a holder may be settled
at the option of the Company in cash, shares of Common Stock (the “ Conversion Shares”), or a combination of cash and
shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Articles Supplementary; upon approval of the issuance of the
Conversion Shares by the Board, the Conversion Shares will be duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon such
conversion by all necessary corporate action and such Conversion Shares, when issued upon such redemption in
accordance with the Articles Supplementary, will be validly issued and will be fully paid and non-assessable, and will
conform to the description of the Common Stock contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii)
no holder of the Conversion Shares will be subject to personal liability by reason of being such a holder; (iii) the
issuance of such Conversion Shares upon such redemption will not be subject to the preemptive or other similar rights
of any security holder of the Company; (iv) the Board will make any and all determinations concerning the future
issuance of the Conversion Shares; (v) the Company will not issue Conversion Shares unless the issuance thereof will
comply with all applicable laws and rules and regulations of the NYSE MKT or any exchange on which the Common
Stock or Series A Preferred Stock of the Company is listed; (vi) the Company will not issue Conversion Shares, unless
upon such issuance the Conversion Shares will be free of transfer restrictions under applicable law and freely tradable
by non-affiliates; and (vii) the Conversion Shares will be listed, pursuant to a supplemental listing application or
otherwise, on the market or exchange where the Common Stock is then registered.
 
  32(xix) Amendment of Company Organizational Documents. To the extent necessary for the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
to exercise their voting rights as described in the Articles Supplementary, the Company will make all necessary
amendments to its Bylaws in order to effectuate such voting rights.
 
(xx) Investment Company. The Company will not, and the Operating Partnership will not, be or become, at any time prior to
the expiration of three years after the date of this Agreement, an “investment company,” as such term is defined in the
Investment Company Act; provided, however, that this provision shall not be applicable and shall have no legal force or
effect in the event that the Company becomes deemed an “investment company” solely as a result of the Commission
amending, revising, rescinding or otherwise modifying the Investment Company Act, the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder or the Commission’s interpretations and guidance relating thereto after the Settlement Date.
 
(b) The Manager agrees with the Agent that:
 
(i) Reporting of Material Events . The Manager agrees that, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be
delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, it shall notify the Agent and the Transaction Entities of the occurrence of
any material events respecting its activities or condition, financial or otherwise, and the Manager will forthwith supply
such information to the Transaction Entities as shall be necessary in the opinion of counsel to the Transaction Entities
and the Agent for the Transaction Entities to prepare any necessary amendment or supplement to the Prospectus so
that, as so amended or supplemented, the Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the
time it is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading.
 
  33(ii) No Stabilization or Manipulation. Not to take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be
expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Offered Shares.
 
(iii) Investment Adviser . The Manager will not be or become, at any time prior to the expiration of three years after the date
of this Agreement, an “investment adviser,” as such term is defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended
(the “Investment Advisers Act ”).
 
6. Free Writing Prospectuses . The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, and the Agent
represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the
Offered Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a “free writing prospectus,” as
defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission;  provided, that such consent is deemed to have been given with respect to
each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus identified on  Schedule A hereto and any “road show that is a written communication” within the
meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been reviewed and approved by the Agent. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the
Company and the Agent is hereinafter referred to as a “ Permitted Free Writing Prospectus .” The Company represents that it has treated
and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an “issuer free writing prospectus,” as defined in Rule 433, and has
complied and will comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely
Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping. The Company represents that it has satisfied and agrees that it will
satisfy the conditions in Rule 433 to avoid a requirement to file with the Commission any Bona Fide Electronic Road Show. If at any time
following the issuance of a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not
misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Agent and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission
 
  347. Conditions of the Obligations of the Agent . The obligations of the Agent with respect to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Transaction Entities and the Manager
herein (as though made on the Settlement Date), to the accuracy of the statements of the Transaction Entities and the Manager made
pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Transaction Entities and the Manager of their obligations hereunder, to all
contingencies and conditions described in this Agreement having been met and to the following additional conditions precedent:
 
(a) Accountants’ Comfort Letters and CAO Certificates .
 
(i) The Agent shall have received letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof and the Settlement Date, of BDO USA, LLP in
a form approved by the Agent and/or Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, confirming that they are a registered public accounting
firm and independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Laws and in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants’
“comfort letters” with respect to financial statements and certain financial information of the Company contained in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (except that, in any letter dated the
Settlement Date, the specified date referred to in the letter shall be a date no more than three (3) days prior to the
Settlement Date).
 
(ii) Should the Agent deem appropriate, the Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the date hereof, of Christopher J.
Vohs, in his capacity as the Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, substantially in the
form of Annex I-A hereto.
 
(b) Effectiveness of Registration Statement . If the Effective Time of an additional Registration Statement (if any) is not prior to the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, such Effective Time shall have occurred not later than  5:00 P.M., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or, if earlier, the time the Prospectus is finalized and distributed to the Agent, or shall have occurred at
such later time as shall have been consented to by the Agent. The Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in
accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Act and  Section 5(a) hereof. Prior to the Settlement Date, no stop order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for
that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Agent, shall be contemplated by the
Commission.
 
  35(c) No Material Adverse Change . Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) any
change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of
operations, business, earnings, properties or prospects of the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, that, in the sole judgment of the Agent, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the
Offered Shares; (ii) any change in either U.S. or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange
rates or exchange controls the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Agent, impractical to market or to
enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Shares, whether in the primary market or in respect of dealings in the secondary
market; (iii) any suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on the NYSE MKT, or any setting of minimum
or maximum prices for trading on such exchange; (iv) or any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any
national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market; (v) any banking moratorium declared by any U.S. federal or New
York authorities; (vi) any major disruption of settlements of securities, payment, or clearance services in the United States or any
other country where such securities are listed; or (vii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities or act of terrorism
involving the United States, any declaration of war by Congress or any other national or international calamity or emergency if, in
the judgment of the Agent, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, act, declaration, calamity or emergency is such as
to make it impractical or inadvisable to market the Offered Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Shares.
 
(d) Opinion of Counsel for the Transaction Entities . The Agent shall have received an opinion, dated the Settlement Date, of Kaplan,
Voekler, Cunningham & Frank, PLC, counsel for the Transaction Entities, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex III-A
and a letter substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex III-B.
 
(e) Opinion of Maryland Counsel for Company . The Agent shall have received an opinion, dated the Settlement Date, of Venable
LLP, Maryland counsel for the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex IV.
 
(f) Tax Opinion. The Agent shall have received a tax opinion, dated the Settlement Date, of Vinson & Elkins, LLP, counsel for the
Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex V.
 
(g) Opinion of Counsel for Agent. The Agent shall have received from Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, counsel for the Agent, such opinion
or opinions, dated the Settlement Date, with respect to such matters as the Agent may require. In rendering such opinion, Bass,
Berry & Sims PLC, may (i) rely as to matters of fact (but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent they deem proper, on
certificates of responsible officers of the Transaction Entities, their respective Subsidiaries, the Manager and of public officials
and (ii) rely as to matters involving the application of the laws of the state of Maryland upon the opinion of Venable LLP.
 
  36(h) Company Officers’ Certificate. The Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Settlement Date, of the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, in his capacity as the Principal Financial Officer of the
Company, in which such officers shall state that: the representations and warranties of the Transaction Entities in this Agreement
are true and correct as of such date; each of the Transaction Entities has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions
on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Settlement Date; no stop order suspending the effectiveness
of any Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the best of their
knowledge and after reasonable investigation, are contemplated by the Commission; the 462(b) Registration Statement (if any)
satisfying the requirements of subparagraphs (1) and (3) of Rule 462(b) was timely filed pursuant to Rule 462(b), including
payment of the applicable filing fee in accordance with the applicable Rules and Regulations; and, subsequent to the date of the
most recent financial statements in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has
been no change, nor any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results
of operations, earnings, business, properties or prospects of the Transaction Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, that is material and adverse, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or as described in such certificate.
 
(i) Manager Officer’s Certificate . The Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Settlement Date, of the Chief Executive
Officer of the Manager in which such officer shall state that: the representations and warranties of the Manager in this
Agreement are true and correct as of such date and that the Manager has complied with all agreements and satisfied all
conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Settlement Date.
 
(j) Reserved.
 
(k) Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. In the event that a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed in connection with the offering
contemplated by this Agreement, such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement shall have been filed with the Commission and shall
have become effective automatically upon such filing.
 
(l) Company Good Standing. The Agent shall have received a certificate of good standing of the Company certified by the Maryland
State Department of Assessments and Taxation as of a date within five (5) business days of the Settlement Date.
 
(m) Operating Partnership Good Standing . The Agent shall have received a certificate of good standing of the Operating Partnership
certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of a date within five (5) business days of the Settlement Date.
 
  37(n) Manager Good Standing . The Agent shall have received a certificate of good standing of the Manager certified by the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware as of a date within five (5) business days of the Settlement Date.
 
(o) Subsidiary Good Standings . The Agent shall have received a certificate of good standing certified by the Secretary of State (or
equivalent governmental authority) of the state of incorporation or formation as of a date no earlier than April 15, 2016, for each
entity listed on Schedule B hereto.
 
(p) Secretary’s Certificate of the Company . The Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary of the Company certifying
resolutions of the board of directors of the Company approving the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
(q) Secretary’s Certificate of the Manager . The Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary of the Manager certifying
resolutions of the Manager’s managing member approving the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
(r) General Partner Certificate of the Operating Partnership . The Agent shall have received a certificate of the general partner of the
Operating Partnership certifying resolutions of the Operating Partnership approving the Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby.
 
(s) FINRA Approval. The Agent shall have received any required clearance letter from the Corporate Finance Department of FINRA
with respect to the offering.
 
(t) Listing. An application for the listing of the Offered Shares shall have been approved for listing to the NYSE MKT prior to the
Settlement Date.
 
(u) Amendment to OP Agreement. The Fourth Amendment to the OP Agreement shall be in full force and effect as of the Settlement
Date.
 
The Transaction Entities will furnish the Agent with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the
Agent reasonably request. The Agent may in its sole discretion waive compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Agent
hereunder.
 
  388. Indemnification and Contribution.
 
(a) Indemnification of Agent by the Transaction Entities . Each of the Transaction Entities will, jointly and severally, indemnify and
hold harmless the Agent, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who
controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an “ Indemnified Party”),
against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject,
under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of any material fact contained in any part of any Registration Statement at any time, any Statutory Prospectus as of any
time, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse each
Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating
or defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not
such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the enforcement of this
provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred;  provided, however, that neither of the Transaction
Entities will be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein, it being understood
and agreed that such information furnished by the Agent consists only of the information described as such in  Section 8(b)
below.
 
(b) Indemnification of Company, Directors and Officers. The Agent will indemnify and hold harmless each of the Transaction Entities,
their directors and each of their officers who signs a Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls either of the
Transaction Entities within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an “ Agent Indemnified
Party”), against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Agent Indemnified Party may become subject, under the
Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
material fact contained in any part of any Registration Statement at any time, any Statutory Prospectus as of any time, the
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent,
but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to either of the Transaction Entities by the Agent specifically
for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Agent Indemnified Party in
connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or
proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Agent Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced,
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are
incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Agent consists of the following
information in the Prospectus furnished on behalf of the Agent: the thirteenth full paragraph under the caption “Plan of
Distribution” in the Final Prospectus Supplement and under the caption “Other Relationships,” in each case, only to the extent
that such statements relate only to the Agent.
 
  39(c) Actions against Parties; Notification . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action
against such indemnified party, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying
party under subsections (a), (b) or (c) above, notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; but the failure to notify
the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under subsections (a), (b) or (c) above except to the
extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and
provided further that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an
indemnified party otherwise than under subsections (a), (b) or (c) above. In case any such action is brought against any
indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to
participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the
defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified
party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election
so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this  Section 8(c) for
any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than
reasonable costs of investigation. In any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and
the indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed within a reasonable time to
retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that
there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv)
the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interest between them. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any
settlement of any pending or threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and
indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional
release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include
a statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party.
 
(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this  Section 8 is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party under subsections (a), (b) or (c) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by
such indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsections (a), (b) or (c) above (i) in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Transaction Entities on the one hand and by the
Agent on the other hand from the offering of the Offered Shares or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i)
above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other, in connection with the statements
or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Transaction Entities on the one hand and by the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company
bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Agent. The relative fault shall be determined by
reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent and the parties’ relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid by
an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this  Section 8(d)
shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this  Section 8(d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 8(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which
the Series A Preferred Stock sold pursuant to this Agreement exceeds the amount of any damages which the Agent has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any
person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
  409. Termination of Agency. If the Offered Shares are not sold by May 26, 2016, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of
the Company and the Agent, except as provided in  Section 10 hereof. As used in this Agreement, the term “ Agent” includes any person
substituted for the Agent under this  Section 9.
 
10. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations . The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Transaction Entities, the Manager or their respective officers and of the Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf
of the Agent, the Transaction Entities, the Manager or any of their respective representatives, officers or directors or any controlling
person, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered Shares. If the settlement of the Offered Shares by the Agent is not
consummated for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to  Section 9 hereof, the Company
will reimburse the Agent for all out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them in
connection with the placement of the Offered Shares, and the respective obligations of the Transaction Entities and the Manager, on the
one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, pursuant to  Section 8 hereof shall remain in effect. In addition, if the Offered Shares have
been settled pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the representations and warranties in  Sections 2 through 3 and all obligations under
Section 5 shall also remain in effect.
 
  4111. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent to the Agent, will be mailed or delivered and confirmed to the Agent,
with a copy to Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, 150 Third Avenue South, Suite 2800, Nashville, TN 37201, Attention: Lori B. Morgan, or, if sent to
the Transaction Entities or the Manager, will be mailed or delivered and confirmed to it at c/o Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc., 712
Fifth Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Michael L. Konig, with a copy to Kaplan, Voekler, Cunningham & Frank, PLC, 1401
East Cary Street, Richmond, Virginia 23239, Attention: Richard P. Cunningham, Jr.
 
12. Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the
officers, directors and controlling persons referred to in  Section 9, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.
 
13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement.
 
14. Headings. The headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning
or interpretation of, this Agreement.
 
15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the Transaction Entities and the Manager, on the one hand,
and the Agent, on the other, with respect to the preparation of any Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the
Prospectus, the conduct of the offering, and the placement and sale of the Offered Shares.
 
16. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Transaction Entities and the Manager each acknowledge and agree that:
 
(a) No Other Relationship . The Agent has been retained solely to act as a placement agent in connection with the sale of Offered
Shares and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Transaction Entities and the Manager on the one hand,
and the Agent on the other has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Prospectus, irrespective of whether the Agent has advised or is advising either of the Transaction Entities or the Manager on
other matters;
 
(b) Arms’ Length Negotiations . The price of the Offered Shares set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company
following discussions and arms’ length negotiations with the Agent, and the Transaction Entities and Manager are capable of
evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement;
 
  42(c) Absence of Obligation to Disclose . The Transaction Entities and the Manager have been advised that the Agent and its affiliates
are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Transaction Entities and
the Manager, and that the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to Transaction Entities and the
Manager by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and
 
(d) Waiver. Each of the Transaction Entities and the Manager waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims they may have
against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agree that the Agent shall have no liability
(whether direct or indirect) to either of the Transaction Entities or the Manager in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any
person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Transaction Entities or the Manager, including stockholders,
holders of membership interests, employees or creditors of the Transaction Entities or the Manager.
 
17. Trial by Jury. Each of the Transaction Entities and the Manager (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of
its stockholders and affiliates) and the Agent hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right
to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
18. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 
19. Jurisdiction. Each of the Transaction Entities and the Manager hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state
courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the Transaction Entities and the Manager irrevocably and unconditionally waives any
objection to the laying of venue of any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby in Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit or proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.
 
20. Termination. Until the Settlement Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Agent by giving notice (in the manner prescribed by
Section 9 hereof) to the Company, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to the Settlement Date, to perform
any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder unless the failure to perform any agreement is due to the default or omission by the
Agent; (ii) any other condition of the obligations of the Agent hereunder is not fulfilled; (iii) trading in securities generally on the NYSE,
NYSE MKT, or Nasdaq shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices shall have been established on either of such
exchanges or such market by the Commission or by such exchange or other regulatory body or governmental authority having
jurisdiction; (iv) trading or quotation in any of the Company’s securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the
Commission or by the NYSE MKT, NYSE or Nasdaq or other regulatory body of governmental authority having jurisdiction; (v) a general
banking moratorium has been declared by Federal or New York authorities; (vi) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or
clearance services in the United States shall have occurred; (vii) there shall have been any material adverse change in general economic,
political or financial conditions in the United States or in international conditions on the financial markets in the United States, in each
case, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the Agent’s reasonable judgment, inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the
Securities; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration of war or act of terrorism involving the United States or
any other national or international calamity or emergency has occurred if, in the Agent’s reasonable judgment, the effect of any such
attack, outbreak, escalation, declaration, act, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of
the placement or the delivery of the Securities. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this  Section 21 shall be without liability on
the part of the Company or the Agent, except as otherwise provided in  Sections 5(a), 7, 8 and 9 hereof.
 
  43If the foregoing is in accordance with the Agent’s understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company one of the counterparts
hereof, whereupon it will become a binding agreement among the Transaction Entities, the Manager and the Agent in accordance with its terms.
 
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
  44Very truly yours,  
       
  BLUEROCK RESIDENTIAL GROWTH REIT, INC.
       
       
  By: /s/ R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Name: R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Title: Chief Executive Officer  
       
       
  BLUEROCK RESIDENTIAL HOLDINGS, L.P.
       
       
  By: Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.  
  Its: General Partner  
       
       
  By: /s/ R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Name: R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Title: Chief Executive Officer  
       
       
  BRG MANAGER, LLC
       
  By: Bluerock Real Estate, L.L.C.  
  Its: Sole Member  
       
       
  By: /s/ R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Name: R. Ramin Kamfar  
    Title: Chief Executive Officer  
 
 
[Signature Page to Agreement]
 
  45The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.
 
Acting on behalf of itself as the Agent
 
  COMPASS POINT RESEARCH & TRADING, LLC
     
     
  By: /s/ Christopher A. Nealon  
    Name: Christopher A. Nealon
Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
 
 
[Signature Page to Agreement]
 
  46SCHEDULE A
 
None