EXHIBIT 10.8
   [Certain confidential information has been omitted from this Exhibit 10.8
                                                                ------------
pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The omitted information is indicated by the symbol "***" at
each place in this Exhibit 10.8 where the omitted information appeared in the
                   ------------
original.]
                             CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                             ---------------------
    This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement") dated March 15, 2000  (the
"Effective Date") is entered into between VerticalNet, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation having a principal place of business at 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100,
Horsham, Pennsylvania, 19044 ("VerticalNet"), and LeadersOnline, Inc. a Delaware
corporation having a principal place of business at  18401 Von Karman Avenue,
Suite 500, Irvine, California, 92612 "(LeadersOnline") (each a "Party" and
together the "Parties").
                                   BACKGROUND
   WHEREAS, VerticalNet owns and operates a series of Online Communities (as
defined below) that are accessible via the World Wide Web, each of which is
designed to be an online gathering place for businesses of a certain type or
within a certain industry; and
   WHEREAS, LeadersOnline desires to advertise its job placement services (the
"LeadersOnline Services") on certain of VerticalNet's Online Communities through
banner ads, newsletters and employer spotlights, to access VerticalNet's
proprietary resume bank and to display and maintain a Link (as defined below)
from the LeadersOnline Site (as defined below) to a VerticalNet Site (as defined
below) to enable users of the LeadersOnline Site to access and utilize the
VerticalNet Online Communities; and
   WHEREAS, VerticalNet desires to permit LeadersOnline to advertise the
LeadersOnline Services on certain of VerticalNet's Online Communities through
banner ads, newsletters and employer spotlights, to allow LeadersOnline access
to VerticalNet's proprietary resume bank and to create a Link from the
LeadersOnline Site to a VerticalNet Site to enable users of the LeadersOnline
Site to access and utilize the VerticalNet Online Communities.
    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, VerticalNet and LeadersOnline agree as
follows:
I.  DEFINITIONS
    1.1.  Affiliate shall mean, when used with reference to a Party, any
individual or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such Party.  For purposes of this definition, "control"
means the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50% of the outstanding voting
power of a Party, or the right to control the policy decisions of such Party.
    1.2.  Banner shall mean a graphical image advertising a Party's Site that is
posted on the other Party's Site in an area designated by the Party controlling
the Site on which the image is posted, and containing a Link to the Site of the
Party which purchased the Banner.
    1.3.  Career Center shall mean that area of the VerticalNet Online
Communities designated by VerticalNet in which VerticalNet offers various
employment related services to Users of the VerticalNet Sites, including resume
posting, career information and Employer Spotlights.
                                       1
    1.4.  Confidential Information shall mean, subject to the provisions of
Section 9.2  [Exclusions], all proprietary and confidential information of a Party, including,
without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, business information,
sales information, customer and potential customer lists and identities, product
sales plans, sublicense agreements, inventions, developments, discoveries,
software, know-how, methods, techniques, formulae, data, processes and other
proprietary ideas, whether or not protectable under patent, trademark, copyright
or other areas of law, that the other Party has access to or receives. For
purposes of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be considered Confidential
Information.
    1.5.  Employer Spotlight shall mean a feature on the VeticialNet Sites
containing company listings that  Link to full-page company descriptions of
employers actively recruiting candidates to fill open positions within their
companies that is framed by VerticalNet Proprietary Features.
    1.6.  Home Page shall mean the first page presented when a User selects a
Site or presence on the World Wide Web.
    1.7.  HR Site shall mean the VerticalNet Site located on the World Wide Web
at HRHub.com, or any successor Sites thereto.
    1.8.  Intellectual Property shall mean any and all trade secrets, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, URLs, trade dress, brand features, know-
how and similar rights of any type under the laws of any applicable governmental
authority, including, without limitation, all applications and registrations
relating to any of the foregoing.
    1.9.  Intellectual Property Rights shall mean all rights in and to
Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, all patent rights,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, know-how and trade secrets.
    1.10.  LeadersOnline Mark shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade
name, domain name, design or logo of LeadersOnline or its Affiliates.
    1.11.  LeadersOnline Site shall mean the Site located at
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000www.LeadersOnline.com (and any successor Site thereto).
    1.12.  LeadersOnline-VerticalNet Revenue shall mean the total gross fees
received by LeadersOnline from VerticalNet-LeadersOnline Clients for the use of
LeadersOnline Services, exclusive of taxes and expense reimbursements.
    1.13.  Link shall mean a link, including but not limited to a hyperlink,
button or banner, that connects two Sites in a manner so that when a User clicks
on the link, the User is transferred directly from one Site to a second Site.
    1.14.  Listing Page shall mean a page on the VerticalNet Site that contains
a listing of all currently available VerticalNet Online Communities and Links to
each of such Online Communities.
                                       2
    1.15.  Newsletter Ads shall mean an advertising message comprised of text
describing LeadersOnline and its services that is placed in an email
transmission containing employment related information supplied by VerticalNet
that is transmitted to Users of the HR Site who have provided their email
addresses to VerticalNet along with permission to transmit such messages to the
email address.
    1.16.  Online Community shall mean a VerticalNet Site that acts as a
comprehensive source of information, dialogue and commerce for a particular
industry or service market.
    1.17.  Proprietary Feature shall mean any name, trademark, service mark,
trade name, domain name, navigational element, copyright, or logo which is
proprietary to LeadersOnline and/or VerticalNet, as appropriate.
    1.18.  Site shall mean a site located on the World Wide Web portion of the
Internet.
    1.19.  Resume Bank shall mean a collection of resumes stored in electronic
form that have been posted in Career Centers by Users of the VerticalNet Sites.
    1.20.  Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any
Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
    1.21.  URL shall mean a universal resource locator used for the purpose of
identifying a Site located on the Internet.
    1.22.  User shall mean a single person who accesses and views a Site whether
directly from a web browser or through a Link.
    1.23.  User Data shall mean all data generated by an Internet server that
relates to file requests, user identification, transaction logs, session times
and other information regarding the Users directed to the LeadersOnline Site
through the Banner Links or Employer Spotlight, generated or collected by or
through the LeadersOnline Site, but excluding any information that relates or
refers to a particular project of such User.
    1.24.  VerticalNet Branded Link shall mean a Link (including but not limited
to a hyperlink, button or banner) containing a VerticalNet Mark that will take
Users of the LeadersOnline Site to the Listing Page.
    1.25.  VerticalNet Mark shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,
domain name, design or logo of VerticalNet.
    1.26.  VerticalNet-LeadersOnline Clients shall mean the clients of
LeadersOnline that utilize the LeadersOnline Services and pay commissions or
other fees to LeadersOnline for the use of its Services, and make initial
contact with the LeadersOnline Site through a Link from a VerticalNet Site or
through direct access to the LeadersOnline Site if such access was prompted by
information presented in a Banner, Newsletter Ad or Employer Spotlight
containing information about the LeadersOnline Services.
                                       3
    1.27.  VerticalNet Site shall mean a Site owned and operated by VerticalNet
or a portion of such Site designated by VerticalNet.
2. VERTICALNET BRANDED LINK
    2.1.  Hosting and Maintenance.  LeadersOnline shall be responsible for the
hosting, display and maintenance of the VerticalNet Branded Link on the
LeadersOnline Site.  The VerticalNet Branded Link shall be located on the Home
Page of the LeadersOnline Site and on the first page of each section of the
Site, including the sections entitled "Becoming a Member", "Why You Should
Join", "How it Works", "About LeadersOnline" and "Recruiter Information".  The
VerticalNet Branded Link shall be available on each of the foregoing pages as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date, and throughout the
Term.  It shall be located in an area of the foregoing pages and in a size
mutually agreeable to the Parties.
    2.2.  Mark License. VerticalNet hereby grants LeadersOnline a non-exclusive,
nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this Agreement
to utilize a VerticalNet Mark in a form approved by VerticalNet for the design
and display of  the VerticalNet Branded Link.
    2.3.  Link License. VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non-
exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right and license to link to the
VerticalNet Site.  The Link will access the Listing Page of the VerticalNet Site
located at www.verticalnet.com.
3. BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT.
    3.1.  Purchase Commitment. During the Term of this Agreement, LeadersOnline
agrees to purchase from VerticalNet Banners and Newsletter Ads for a total price
of at least *** ($***).  All prices for such Banners and Newsletter Ads shall be
offered to LeadersOnline at a ***% discount off of VerticalNet's then current
prices for similar Banners or Newsletters Ads.  All purchases shall be subject
to VerticalNet's standard terms and conditions governing advertising on
VerticalNet Sites.
    3.2.  Purchase Requirements.  LeadersOnline agrees to purchase at least ***
($***) of such Banners and Newsletter Ads in each calendar quarter after the
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000Effective Date (prorated for any partial quarters) until a total of $*** have
been purchased, provided, the total dollar amount purchased by LeadersOnline in
any calendar quarter shall not consist of greater than ***% (in dollars) of
either Banners or Newsletter Ads until a total of $*** has been purchased.
    3.3.  Advertisement Placement. VerticalNet shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to place a Banner purchased in accordance with Section 3.1  [Purchase Commitment]  on the HR
Site Home Page for a period of 6 months on a rotating, rather than fixed, basis.
In addition, as part of the purchase commitment set forth in Section 3.1  [Purchase Commitment] ,
VerticalNet shall provide LeadersOnline up to $*** worth of Banner placements on
the Home Page of other VerticalNet Sites of LeadersOnline's choice.  All Banner
and Newsletter Ad placements shall be in locations mutually agreeable to the
Parties, subject to space limitations and other contractual commitments of
VerticalNet.
___________
*** Omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed separately filed
    separately.
                                       4
4. EMPLOYER SPOTLIGHTS
    4.1.  Development. VerticalNet shall develop, host, display and maintain
Employer Spotlights in each of its Online Communities containing information
supplied by LeadersOnline.  Each Employer Spotlight shall contain a
LeadersOnline Mark, text information describing LeadersOnline and a hypertext
Link to the LeadersOnline Site.
    4.2.  LeadersOnline Information.  Upon execution of this Agreement,
LeadersOnline shall supply VerticalNet with a graphical image in electronic form
of its LeadersOnline Mark, a text file containing information describing
LeadersOnline and the URL to which the hypertext Link shall be directed.
VerticalNet shall use commercially reasonable efforts to launch the Employer
Spotlights as soon as practicable after the Effective Date of this Agreement.
VerticalNet may, in its sole discretion, reject or edit any text or other
materials supplied by LeadersOnline for the creation of the LeadersOnline
Employer Spotlights; provided that any edits will be subject to the prior
approval of LeadersOnline.  The design and appearance of the Employer Spotlights
shall be determined by VerticalNet in its sole discretion.
    4.3.  Information License.  LeadersOnline hereby grants VerticalNet a non-
exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right and license for the Term of this
Agreement to use, copy or modify the LeadersOnline Mark, text describing
LeadersOnline and the URL address of the LeadersOnline Site for the design and
display of the LeadersOnline Employer Spotlights, provided, VerticalNet shall
not alter the appearance of the LeadersOnline Mark without the consent of
LeadersOnline.
5. RESUME BANK
    5.1.  Access License.  Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.2  [Restrictions]
hereof, VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non-exclusive,
nontransferable right and license to access the Resume Bank.  The foregoing
license shall be for the limited purpose of contacting individuals posting
resumes on VerticalNet's Career Centers ("Candidates") to inquire about interest
in employment opportunities available through the LeadersOnline Services.
    5.2.  Restrictions.  Any information concerning a Candidate contained in a
resume included in the Resume Bank shall not be provided to any third party by
LeadersOnline, including corporate Affiliates of LeadersOnline, without the
written consent of the individual whose information would be disclosed.
LeadersOnline shall limit contact with a Candidate to either one phone contact
or one e-mail contact per calendar quarter, unless expressly agreed to by the
Candidate.  LeadersOnline shall immediately cease all contact upon the request
of the Candidate.  All information concerning a Candidate, whether in paper or
electronic form, and whether originally contained in the Resume Bank or derived
from information contained in the Resume Bank, shall be immediately returned to
VerticalNet upon the termination of this Agreement.  All information contained
in the Resume Bank shall be handled by LeadersOnline in accordance with
VerticalNet's standard Privacy Policy as it may be posted on the VerticalNet
Sites from time to time.  The foregoing restrictions shall cease to apply from
and after the time that a Candidate registers through an online form or takes
other affirmative action to become a member of the LeadersOnline "Candidate
Community."
                                       5
6.   THE COMMERCIAL TERMS
    6.1.  Fees. As set forth in Section 6.2  [Payment of Fees], LeadersOnline shall pay to
VerticalNet the following:
        6.1.1.  Slotting fees for the Employer Spotlights of $***;
        6.1.2.  Banner and Newsletter Ad sponsorship fees of $*** as provided in
Section 3.1  [Purchase Commitment] ; and
        6.1.3.  A license fee of $*** for access to the Resume Bank.
    6.2.  Payment of Fees.  LeadersOnline shall pay the fees set forth in
Section 6.1  [Fees] to VerticalNet as follows:
        6.2.1.  $*** upon the Effective Date of this Agreement;
        6.2.2.  $*** within 90 days after the Effective Date;
        6.2.3.  $*** within 180 days after the Effective Date;
        6.2.4.  $*** within 270 days after the Effective Date; and
        6.2.5.  $*** within 360 days after the Effective Date.
    6.3.  Revenue Sharing.
        6.3.1.  LeadersOnline shall pay VerticalNet *** percent (***%) of
LeadersOnline- VerticalNet Revenue, payable to VerticalNet  on or before the
fifteenth day of  the calendar month immediately following the month in which
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000such revenue was received by LeadersOnline.  Such payments shall be accompanied
by a statement containing reasonable detail of the number of VerticalNet-Leaders
Online Clients generated during the month, the type and number of transactions
from which the LeadersOnline VerticalNet Revenue was derived, the total
LeadersOnline VerticalNet Revenue for such period and the total fees payable to
VerticalNet pursuant to this Section 6.3.1  [Revenue Sharing].
        6.3.2.  LeadersOnline shall pay VerticalNet a one time fee for each
Candidate who is offered and accepts employment as a result of a contact made by
LeadersOnline (each a "Placement"). The fee shall be payable upon receipt by
LeadersOnline of its payment for the Placement, and shall be nonrefundable. Fees
shall be based upon the annual salary (or hourly rate multiplied by 2080) of the
Candidate accepting employment in the Placement in accordance with the following
schedule:
            6.3.2.1.  $*** for Placements involving annual salaries of less than
$***;
            6.3.2.2.  $*** for Placements involving annual salaries of $*** up
to and including $***; and
___________
*** Omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed separately.
                                       6
            6.3.2.3.  $*** for Placements involving annual salaries of $*** or
greater.
        6.3.3.  VerticalNet shall institute procedures to track information of
Users of the VerticalNet Sites that utilize a Link to access the LeadersOnline
Site.  LeadersOnline agrees to add a request in its standard registration form
to identify those Users who have accessed the LeadersOnline Site based upon
information contained in any promotional materials with respect to LeadersOnline
on a VerticalNet Site, including any Banner, Newsletter Ad or Employer Spotlight
identifying LeadersOnline, and to maintain such information in a form that can
be examined by VerticalNet pursuant to Section 6.6  [Audits].
        6.3.4.  If government regulations prevent LeadersOnline from sharing any
revenues associated with LeadersOnline Services, VerticalNet and LeadersOnline
shall negotiate in good faith a compensation structure that seeks to provide
VerticalNet with compensation equal to that set forth in Sections 6.3.1  [Revenue Sharing]. and
6.3.2.
    6.4.  Taxes.  All payments required under this Agreement are exclusive of
federal, state, local and foreign taxes, duties, tariffs, levies and similar
assessments.  When applicable, such taxes shall appear as separate items on a
Party's invoice or statement to the other Party.  Payment of such taxes or
charges shall be the responsibility of the Party whose obligation it is under
this Agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxes are assessed,
excluding any taxes based upon the other Party's net income.  In lieu thereof, a
Party shall provide the other Party with a tax or levy exemption certificate
acceptable to the taxing or levying authority.
    6.5.  Guaranteed Revenues. VerticalNet agrees to guarantee that, during the
initial Term of this Agreement, LeadersOnline shall earn LeadersOnline-
VerticalNet Revenue of at least *** Dollars ($***) (the "Guaranteed Amount"),
subject to the provisions of this Section 6.5  [Guaranteed Revenues] . *** Within thirty (30) days after
the end of the initial Term, LeadersOnline shall submit a statement showing a
reasonably detailed accounting of the LeadersOnline-VerticalNet Revenue received
during the initial Term (or earned during the initial Term and paid within 30
days thereafter) along with payment of all such amounts up to the Guaranteed
Amount. In the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section
7.1  [DEFINITIONS], LeadersOnline shall make a payment of all amounts of LeadersOnline-
VerticalNet Revenues received through the date of termination, up to the amount
of the Guaranteed Amount ***.
    6.6.  Audits.  During the 12 month period following the payment of any
amount due under this Article 6, VerticalNet or its representative shall have
the right to audit LeadersOnline's financial and other pertinent records
relating to such payment in order to verify the amount of the payments owed
and/or paid.  If the amount owed by LeadersOnline to VerticalNet was underpaid,
the additional amount owed shall be paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice
of such underpayment to LeadersOnline.  If the amount owed by LeadersOnline to
VerticalNet was underpaid in excess of 10% of the amount owed, the fees of such
audit shall also be paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such to
LeadersOnline.  If the amount owed by LeadersOnline to
___________
*** Omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed separately.
                                       7
VerticalNet was overpaid, the excess amount paid shall be returned by
VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such overpayment. VerticalNet shall give
reasonable advance notice to LeadersOnline of such audit and each audit shall be
conducted in a manner that does not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct
of business by LeadersOnline. The results of any such audit shall be deemed to
be Confidential Information and may not be disclosed by either Party or its
certified public accountants except as may be necessary to enforce such Party's
rights. Any dispute as to the amount of an underpayment or overpayment shall be
resolved in accordance with Article 8, below.
    6.7. Interest. All payments not paid by the date such payments are due shall
bear interest from the due date to the date payments are actually paid at the
lower of (a) 1% per month or (b) the maximum rate permitted by law.
7.   TERMINATION AND RENEWAL.
    7.1.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written
notice to the other Party in the event of any material breach of a term of this
Agreement by such other Party that remains uncured 30 days after notice of such
breach was received by such other Party or, if the breach is not reasonably
capable of cure within 30 days, such longer period, not to exceed 60 days, so
long as the cure is commenced within the 30-day period and thereafter is
diligently prosecuted to completion as soon as possible and in any event within
60 days.
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/20007.2.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, (i) LeadersOnline
shall no longer have the right to use any VerticalNet Mark, (ii) VerticalNet
shall no longer have the right to use any LeadersOnline Mark; (iii) all Links
between the VerticalNet Sites and the LeadersOnline Site shall be removed; (iv)
VerticalNet shall remove all LeadersOnline Employer Spotlights from its Sites;
(v) VerticalNet shall cease displaying or transmitting all Banners and
Newsletter Ads of LeadersOnline; and (vi) LeadersOnline shall return all
information concerning Candidates in accordance with Section 5.2 of this
Agreement.
    7.3.  Following expiration or termination of this Agreement, the terms and
provisions of Section 6 above shall continue to govern LeadersOnline's payment
obligations.  Following termination, LeadersOnline shall provide VerticalNet
with a final accounting with respect to this Agreement and tender payment of
amounts due under Section 6 at the next scheduled payment date. LeadersOnline
shall be obligated to pay VerticalNet the fees set forth in Section 6.3.2  [Revenue Sharing] for
any Placement that occurs within six (6) months following termination of this
Agreement.
    7.4.  LeadersOnline shall have the option, subject to VerticalNet's approval
exercised in its sole  and absolute discretion, to extend the Term of this
Agreement for an additional 12 months (a "Renewal Term") on such terms and
conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. To exercise this
option, LeadersOnline must notify VerticalNet in writing of its election no
later than 90 days prior to the expiration of the initial Term. Unless
VerticalNet notifies LeadersOnline of its intention to extend the initial Term
of this Agreement for an additional year within 30 days of receiving such notice
the Agreement shall terminate in accordance with the terms hereof.
                                       8
8.   DISPUTE RESOLUTION
    8.1.  Negotiation and Escalation.  If any controversy or claim arises
relating to this Agreement, the Parties will attempt in good faith to negotiate
a solution to their differences, including progressively escalating any
controversy or claim through senior levels of management.  If negotiation does
not result in a resolution within 30 days of the date one Party first notifies
the other of the controversy or claim, either Party may resort to arbitration
under Section 8.2  [Arbitration].
    8.2.  Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim between the Parties concerning
any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or performance or nonperformance
of any obligation under this Agreement or otherwise with respect to this
Agreement which cannot be resolved by negotiation will be resolved by binding
arbitration under this Section 8.2  [Arbitration] and the then-current Commercial Rules and
supervision of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA"). If any part of
this Section 8.2  [Arbitration] is held to be unenforceable, it will be severed and will not
affect either the duty to arbitrate or any other part of this Section 8.2  [Arbitration].  The
arbitration will be held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, before a sole
disinterested arbitrator who is knowledgeable in business information and the
Internet and experienced in handling commercial disputes.  The arbitrator shall
be appointed jointly by the Parties hereto within 30 days following the date on
which the arbitration is instituted.  If the Parties are unable to agree upon
the arbitrator within such 30-day period, the AAA shall be instructed to select
such arbitrator within 15 days thereafter.  The arbitrator's award will be final
and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  The arbitrator
will not have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages, or any damages
excluded by, or in excess of, any damage limitations expressed in this
Agreement.  Issues of arbitrability will be determined in accordance solely with
the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; in all
other respects, the arbitrator will be obligated to apply and follow the
substantive law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
    8.3.  Equitable Relief.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, in the event of an alleged violation of Article 9 of this Agreement
by either Party, the Party alleging such a violation may seek temporary and
permanent injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court of
competent jurisdiction pending appointment of an arbitrator.  The Party
requesting such relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of the
dispute, and shall request that the AAA proceed under its rules for an expedited
hearing.
    8.4.  Costs. Unless the arbitrator, if any, determines otherwise, each Party
will bear its own attorneys' fees and other costs associated with the
negotiation and arbitration provided for by this Article 8, except that costs
and expenses of the arbitrator shall be shared equally. If court proceedings to
stay litigation or compel arbitration are necessary, the Party who
unsuccessfully initiates or opposes such proceedings will pay all associated
costs, expenses and attorneys' fees that are reasonably incurred by the other
Party.  To the extent that any claim in arbitration relates to the collection of
amounts owed under Article 6, the Party entitled to collect such amounts shall
be entitled to recover all reasonable costs of collection, including expenses
and attorneys' fees that are reasonably incurred.
    8.5.  Two Year Limitation.  Except for claims under Sections 11.4  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline]  and 11.5  [Indemnification by VerticalNet]
hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising
out of or related to
                                       9
this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two
years after the cause of action accrues or becomes known, whichever is later.
    8.6.  Confidentiality.  In order to facilitate the resolution of
controversies or claims between the Parties with respect to each Party hereto,
such controversies or claims, including details regarding negotiations,
arbitration and settlement terms, shall be treated as Confidential Information
of the other Party hereto in accordance with Article 9.
    8.7.  Remedial Measures. In the event of (a) any material remediable breach
of this Agreement by the other Party which remains uncured 30 days after notice
of such breach (other than a breach of a payment obligation) was received by the
other Party or (b) any material breach which cannot be cured, the non-breaching
Party may take reasonable remediable measures upon prior written notice and at
the cost and expense of the breaching Party without prejudice and in addition to
any other rights arising from such breach.  In addition, the non-breaching Party
shall take reasonable steps to mitigate damages arising out of such breach.
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/20009.   CONFIDENTIALITY
    9.1.  Confidentiality Obligations.  Except as permitted elsewhere under this
Agreement, each Party agrees to take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) (a) to
receive and maintain the Confidential Information of the other Party in
confidence and (b) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any third
parties, provided, the receiving Party may disclose such Confidential
Information to its employees, representatives and agents who have a need to know
such information for purposes of carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
Neither Party hereto shall use all or any part of the Confidential Information
of the other Party for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.  The Parties will take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) to
ensure that their employees, representatives and agents comply with this
provision.  As used herein, "Reasonable Steps" means at least the same degree of
care that the receiving Party uses to protect its own Confidential Information,
and, in any event, no less than reasonable care.
    9.2.  Exclusions.  "Confidential Information" does not include information
that (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving
Party; (b) was already known to the receiving Party at the time it was disclosed
to the receiving Party, as evidenced by records of the receiving Party; (c) is
independently developed by employees of the receiving Party who had no knowledge
of or access to such information, as evidenced by records of the receiving
Party; (d) is received from a third party who is under no obligation of
confidentiality to the disclosing Party; or (e) must be disclosed pursuant to
applicable laws, rules or regulations; provided, however, that the receiving
Party first gives the disclosing Party notice and a reasonable opportunity to
secure confidential protection of such Confidential Information.
    9.3.  Termination.  Subject to Section 12.12  [Survival], upon termination of this
Agreement, all Confidential Information shall be returned to the disclosing
Party or, at the request of the disclosing Party, destroyed unless otherwise
specified or permitted elsewhere under this Agreement.  The confidentiality
obligations contained in this Article 9 shall survive termination of this
Agreement for a period of three (3) years.
                                       10
    9.4.  Injunction.  Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of
this Article 9 are reasonable and necessary to protect the other Party's
interests in its Confidential Information, that any breach of the provisions of
this Article 9 may result in irreparable harm to such other Party, and that the
remedy at law for such breach may be inadequate.  Accordingly, in the event of
any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Article 9 by a Party
hereto, the other Party, in addition to any other relief available to it at law,
in equity or otherwise, shall be entitled to seek temporary and permanent
injunctive relief restraining the breaching Party from engaging in and/or
continuing any conduct that would constitute a breach of this Article 9, without
posting a bond or other security.
    9.5.  Publicity. Except as may be required by law in which case a party will
provide as much advance notice as reasonably possible, neither Party will
originate any press release concerning the relationship between the Parties or
the transactions described in this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as soon as reasonably practicable following the
Effective Date, VerticalNet and LeadersOnline shall jointly issue a press
release with respect to entering into this Agreement.
    9.6.  User Data. LeadersOnline shall provide VerticalNet with User Data on
each User that enters the LeadersOnline Site through a Link from a VerticalNet
Site and submits information through the LeadersOnline Site by sending an email
with such information to an email address designated by VerticalNet at the time
the request occurs.  User Data shall be maintained by each Party as Confidential
Information of the other Party during the Term and 5 years thereafter, provided
such User Data may be disclosed only as part of an aggregation or analysis of
all User Data but not as independent data.  Upon termination of the Agreement,
VerticalNet and LeadersOnline shall jointly own all User Data. Neither Party
shall use the User Data other than in accordance with the VerticalNet privacy
policy and all applicable laws during the Term and thereafter.
10. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
    10.1.  Representations and Warranties.  Each Party hereby represents,
covenants and warrants that:
             10.1.1.  It has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement
     and to grant the rights and licenses granted herein and to otherwise
     perform this Agreement;
             10.1.2.  It is not a Party to any agreement or understanding and
     knows of no law or regulation that would prohibit it from entering into and
     performing this Agreement or that would conflict with this Agreement;
             10.1.3.  When executed and delivered by it, this Agreement will
     constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against
     it in accordance with this Agreement's terms, except as enforcement may be
     limited by laws or regulations relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and
     creditors rights or by principles of equity; and
             10.1.4.  To the best of its knowledge, its own Site and any
     information or materials supplied to the other Party hereunder does not and
     will not (i) contain any
                                       11
     known viruses, Trojan Horse, worm or harmful code the purpose of which is
     to disable or interrupt the operating of a computer system or destroy,
     erase or otherwise harm any data, software or hardware, (ii) contain any
     false, misleading, libelous or defamatory statements, (iii) constitute an
     invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any third party, (iv)
     violate any applicable laws, rules and regulations or (v) infringe, violate
     or misappropriate any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/200011.1.  Disclaimer of Warranties by VerticalNet.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSELY SET
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, VERTICALNET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERTICALNET SITES AND ALL MATERIALS
CONTAINED THEREIN OR PROVIDED HEREUNDER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
VERTICALNET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AS TO THE USER INTERFACE
OR USER EXPERIENCE ASSOCIATED WITH THE VERTICALNET SITES AND RESERVES THE RIGHT,
IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MODIFY THE PLACEMENT OF ALL LINKS, URLS AND
PROPRIETARY FEATURES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IN THE EVENT VERTICALNET REDESIGNS
THE USER INTERFACE, SUCH LINKS, URLS AND PROPRIETARY FEATURES SHALL RECEIVE
PLACEMENT SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE ORIGINAL DESIGN.
    11.2  Disclaimer of Warranties by LeadersOnline.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, LEADERSONLINE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE LEADERSONLINE SITE AND ALL MATERIALS
CONTAINED THEREIN OR PROVIDED HEREUNDER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
LEADERSONLINE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AS TO THE USER
INTERFACE OR USER EXPERIENCE ASSOCIATED WITH THE LEADERSONLINE SITE AND RESERVES
THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MODIFY THE PLACEMENT OF ALL LINKS, URLS
AND PROPRIETARY FEATURES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IN THE EVENT LEADERSONLINE
REDESIGNS THE USER INTERFACE, SUCH LINKS, URLS AND PROPRIETARY FEATURES SHALL
RECEIVE PLACEMENT SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE ORIGINAL DESIGN.
    11.3.  Limitation of Liability.  EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY
EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 9 OR SECTION 10.1.4  [Representations and Warranties]  (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS OF LEADERSONLINE UNDER SECTION 11.4(i)(c)  [Indemnification by LeadersOnline]  AND THE INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 11.5(i)(c)  [Indemnification by VerticalNet] , NEITHER PARTY WILL BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY
                                       12
OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
    11.4.  Indemnification by LeadersOnline.  Subject to Section 11.6  [Procedure],
LeadersOnline shall (i) defend at its sole expense VerticalNet and its officers,
directors, employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation brought by a third party and caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by LeadersOnline of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it under this Agreement, (b)
negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of LeadersOnline
or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, or (c) any claim
that any portion of the LeadersOnline Site or any materials provided to
VerticalNet pursuant to this Agreement violates, infringes or misappropriates
any Intellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) pay all authorized
costs, expenses and disbursements incurred in such defense, and any damages,
liabilities, obligations, penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, or
any settlement amount agreed to by LeadersOnline.
    11.5.  Indemnification by VerticalNet.  Subject to Section 11.6  [Procedure], VerticalNet
shall (i) defend at its sole expense LeadersOnline and its officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation brought by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by VerticalNet of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it under this Agreement, (b)
negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of VerticalNet or
its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, or (c) any claim that
any portion of the VerticalNet Site or any materials provided by VerticalNet to
LeadersOnline pursuant to this Agreement violates, infringes or misappropriates
any Intellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) pay all authorized
costs, expenses and disbursements incurred in such defense, and any damages,
liabilities, obligations, penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, or
any settlement amount agreed to by VerticalNet.
    11.6.  Procedure. If any action shall be brought against a Party in respect
to which indemnity may be sought from the other Party pursuant to the provisions
of this Article 11, the Party seeking indemnity (the "Indemnitee") shall follow
the procedures in this Section.  If an Indemnitee receives any notice of a claim
or other allegation with respect to which the other Party (the "Indemnitor") has
an obligation of indemnity hereunder, then the Indemnitee will, as soon as
reasonably possible after receipt of such notice, give the Indemnitor written
notice of such claim or allegation setting forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances surrounding the claim.  The Indemnitee will not make any
payment or incur any costs or expenses with respect to such claim, except as
requested by the Indemnitor or as necessary to comply with this procedure.  The
Indemnitee will not make any admission of liability or take any other action
that limits the ability of the Indemnitor to defend the case.  The Indemnitor
shall immediately assume the full control of the defense or settlement of such
claim or allegation, including the selection and employment of counsel, and
shall pay all authorized costs and expenses of such defense.  The Indemnitee
will fully cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnitor, in the defense or
settlement of the claim.  The Indemnitee shall have the right, at its own
expense, to employ separate counsel and participate in the defense or settlement
of the claim; provided that the Indemnitor shall have no liability for costs or
expenses incurred by the Indemnitee, except to the extent authorized by the
Indemnitor pursuant to this procedure.  The
                                       13
Indemnitor will not agree to any settlement that does not include a complete
release of the Indemnitee.
    11.7.  Essential Part of Bargain.  The Parties acknowledge that the
disclaimers and limitations set forth in this Article 11 are an essential
element of this Agreement between the Parties and that the Parties would not
have entered into this Agreement without such disclaimers and limitations.
12. MISCELLANEOUS
    12.1.  Intellectual Property.
        12.1.1.  Except for the express rights granted to LeadersOnline under
this Agreement, LeadersOnline acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual
Property of VerticalNet is and shall remain the sole property of VerticalNet and
nothing in this Agreement shall confer in LeadersOnline any right of ownership
or license rights in VerticalNet's Intellectual Property, including all
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000Intellectual Property arising from or created as a result of VerticalNet's
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.  In addition, LeadersOnline
shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's ownership
of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that LeadersOnline may contest
the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought
against LeadersOnline alleging infringement or misappropriation of VerticalNet's
Intellectual Property.
        12.1.2.  Except for the express rights granted to VerticalNet under this
Agreement, VerticalNet acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual Property of
LeadersOnline is and shall remain the sole property of LeadersOnline and nothing
in this Agreement shall confer in VerticalNet any right of ownership or license
rights in LeadersOnline's Intellectual Property, including all Intellectual
Property arising from or created as a result of LeadersOnline's performance of
its obligations under this Agreement.  In addition, VerticalNet shall not now or
in the future contest the validity of LeadersOnline's ownership of its
Intellectual Property; provided, however, that VerticalNet may contest the
validity of LeadersOnline's Intellectual Property in any proceeding brought
against VerticalNet alleging infringement or misappropriation of LeadersOnline's
Intellectual Property.
    12.2.  Parallel Agreement.  VerticalNet agrees that during the term of this
Agreement, it shall not enter into an agreement with Futurestep, Inc. to provide
promotional opportunities to Futurestep throughout all of the VerticalNet Online
Communities, nor enter into any agreement with Futurestep, Inc. for the joint
marketing of each other's Sites or services.
    12.3.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its
conflicts of law provisions.  Subject to the provisions of Section 8, both
Parties consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United
States District Courts and the state courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
in and for Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
    12.4.  No Assignment.  Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither Party
shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder,
in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the
prior written consent of the other Party,
                                       14
which consent may be withheld at the other Party's reasonable business
discretion; provided, however, that VerticalNet may transfer this Agreement
without the prior written consent of LeadersOnline to an Affiliate of
VerticalNet, or to the surviving Party in a merger or consolidation, or to a
purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets.
    12.5.  Good Faith.  The Parties undertake to display to each other the
utmost good faith, consistent with their respective rights and obligations set
forth in this Agreement.
    12.6.  Independent Contractors. In connection with this Agreement, each
Party is an independent contractor. This Agreement does not, and shall not be
construed to, create an employer-employee, agency, joint venture or partnership
relationship between the Parties.  Neither Party shall have any authority to act
for or to bind the other Party in any way, to alter any of the terms or
conditions of any of the other Party's standard forms of invoices, sales
agreements, warranties or otherwise, or to warrant or to execute agreements on
behalf of the other or to represent that it is in any way responsible for the
acts, debts, liabilities or omissions of the other Party.
    12.7.  Notices.  All notices, reports, payments and other communications
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a "Notice") shall
be in writing and shall be given either by personal delivery against a signed
receipt, by express delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, or
by facsimile. All Notices shall be properly addressed as follows, or to such
other addresses as may be specified in a Notice given hereunder:
If to VerticalNet:
Attn: General Counsel or Chief Financial Officer
VerticalNet, Inc.
700 Dresher Road, Suite 100
Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044
Tel No.: (215) 315-3200
Fax No.: (215) 784-1960
Email: legal@verticalnet.com
with a copy to:
Michael J. Hagan
Executive Vice President
VerticalNet, Inc.
700 Dresher Road, Suite 100
Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044
Phone No.: (215) 315-3115
Fax No.:   (215) 784-1960
Email: MHagan@verticalnet.com
If to LeadersOnline:
Michael T. Christy
LeadersOnline, Inc.
                                       15
18401 Von Karman Ave.
Suite 500
Irvine, California 92612
Phone No.: (949) 752-1000
Fax No.:   (949) 752-1085
with a copy to:
Ronald S. Beard, Esq.
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
Jamboree Center, 4 Park Plaza
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000Irvine, CA  92614
Phone No.:  (949) 451-4089
Fax No.:    (949) 475-4730
A Notice shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or, if sent via
overnight delivery, upon receipt thereof. A Notice sent via facsimile is deemed
effective on the same day (or if such day is not a business day, then on the
next succeeding business day) if such facsimile is sent before 3:00 p.m.
prevailing Eastern Time and on the next day (or if such day is not a business
day, then on the next succeeding business day) if such Notice is sent after 3:00
p.m. prevailing Eastern Time.
    12.8.  Amendment or Modification.  No subsequent amendment, modification or
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by the Parties.
    12.9.  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement sets out the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, arrangements and communications,
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.
    12.10.  Severability.  If any term or provision of this Agreement is held by
a tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then to the fullest extent permitted by law
(a) the same shall not affect the other terms or provisions of this Agreement,
(b) such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary in
the tribunal's opinion to render such term or provision enforceable, and the
rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced
accordingly, preserving to the fullest extent the intent and agreements of the
Parties set forth herein and (c) such finding of invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of
such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
    12.11.  No Waiver.  Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement is not a
waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term.  No term or provision of
this Agreement will be deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or
excuse is in writing and signed by the Party against whom enforcement of such
waiver or excuse is sought.
    12.12.  Survival.  Sections 5.2  [Restrictions], , 6.6, 6.7, 7.2, 7.3, 12.1, 12.3, 12.5,
12.6, 12.7, 12.9, 12.10, 12.11, 12.12, 12.14, 12.16 and 12.17 and Articles 8, 9,
10, 11, any payment obligations of the
                                       16
Parties hereunder accruing prior to the date of termination; and any other
provision herein expressly surviving termination or necessary to interpret the
rights and obligations of the Parties in connection with the termination of the
Term of this Agreement will survive the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.
    12.13.  No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement is intended
to confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than the
Parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
    12.14.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each Party hereby irrevocably waives all
rights a Party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.
    12.15.  Titles.  The headings appearing at the beginning of the Sections
contained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and reference
purposes only and shall not be used to determine the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement.  The nomenclature of the defined terms in this
Agreement shall only be used for the construction of this Agreement, and are not
to be used for any other purpose, including, but not limited to, interpretation
for accounting purposes.
    12.16.  Force Majeure.  Neither Party shall be held to be in breach of this
Agreement by reason of a force majeure event, including, but not limited to, act
of God, delay in transportation, fire, flood, earthquake, storm, war, act of a
public enemy, civil commotion or any law, rule, regulation, order or other
action by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a Party's
control. To the extent failure to perform is caused by such a force majeure
event, such Party shall be excused from performance hereunder so long as such
event continues to prevent such performance, and provided the non-performing
Party takes all reasonable steps to resume full performance, provided further
that if such delay in performance exceeds 60 days, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement upon written notice to the non-performing Party.
    12.17.  Compliance with Laws.  Each Party shall comply with all prevailing
laws, rules and regulations and obtain all necessary approvals, consents and
permits required by the applicable agencies of the government of the
jurisdictions that apply to its activities or obligations under this Agreement.
    12.18.  Execution in Counterparts, Facsimiles. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when delivered to the other
Party shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.  This Agreement shall become binding when any one or
more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, bear the signatures of
both Parties hereto.  For the purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of this
Agreement, including the signature pages hereto, shall be deemed an original.
                                       17
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties to the Agreement by their duly authorized
representatives have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
VERTICALNET, INC.                           LeadersOnline, INC.
By: /s/ James W. McKenzie, Jr.              By: /s/ Michael T. Christy
    ---------------------------------           --------------------------------
Name: James W. McKenzie, Jr.                Name: MICHAEL T. CHRISTY
      -------------------------------             ------------------------------
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000Title: Sr. Vice President                   Title: PRESIDENT
      -------------------------------             ------------------------------
                                       18
Source: LEADERSONLINE INC, S-1/A, 4/27/2000[LOGO]
SECOND AMENDMENT
TO
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is
made and entered into, effective for all purposes and in all respects as of
the 23rd day of February, 1998, by and between PC QUOTE, INC., with its
principal place of business at 300 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois
60605 ("PCQ") and A.B. Watley, Inc., with its principal place of business at
33 West 17th Street, New York, New York 10011 ("ABW").
WHEREAS, PCQ and ABW have executed that certain Co-Branding
Agreement dated October 11, 1996, as amended on December 10, 1996 (as so
amended, the "Agreement");
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to further amend the Agreement to
modify the provisions of the Agreement regarding [***] of the term thereof;
and
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to set forth herein the terms and
conditions of their agreements and understandings with respect to the
foregoing.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual
promises for the parties contained herein and of other good valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto, intending legally to be bound, hereby covenant and agree
as follows:
1. The preamble hereto is incorporated herein and, by this
reference, is made a substantive part hereof.
2. The text of Section 2. A. and B. of the Agreement is hereby
deleted in its entirety and the following language is inserted in its stead:
[***]
3. To the extent, if any, that provision of this Agreement
conflicts with or differs from any provision of the Agreement, such provision
of this Second Amendment shall prevail and govern for all purposes and in all
respects.
4. Except as modified hereby, the Agreement and its terms and
provisions are hereby ratified and confirmed for all purposes and in all
respects.
5. This Second Amendment may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which collectively shall
constitute the same instrument.
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have hereunto affixed
their signatures and seals as of the day and year first above written.
PC QUOTE, INC.
By:  /s/  Scott Clyde
------------------------
Name: Scott Clyde
----------------------
Title:  VP
--------------------
A. B. WATLEY, INC.
By:  /s/  Robert Malin
------------------------
Name: Robert Malin
----------------------
Title:  President
--------------------
-2-
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999Exhibit 4.46
 
  6 rue Adolphe Fischer
L-1520 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
 
 
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
THIS CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), entered into on the 22nd day of August 2005 and effective as of the 22 nd day of
August 2005 (“Effective Date”), by and among (a) Skype Communications, S.A. (“Skype”), a limited company (société anonyme ) incorporated in
Luxembourg, with its principal place of business at 6 rue Adolphe Fischer, L-1520 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, (b) Skype Technologies, S.A. (“Skype
Holding”), a limited company (société anonyme ) incorporated in Luxembourg, with its principal place of business at 6 rue Adolphe Fischer, L-1520
Luxembourg; (c) TOM Online (BVI) Limited (“Online BVI”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability, whose
correspondence address is at 8 th Floor, Tower W3, Oriental Plaza No.1 Dong Changan Avenue, Dong Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC; (d) TOM
Online Inc. (“Tom Holding”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and listed on the NASDAQ National Market in the
United States of America and the Growth Enterprise Market of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, whose correspondence address is at 8 th
Floor, Tower W3, Oriental Plaza No.1 Dong Changan Avenue, Dong Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC; and (e) Tel-Online Limited (“Company”), a
company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, whose correspondence address is at 8 th Floor, Tower W3, Oriental Plaza No.1 Dong Changan
Avenue, Dong Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC. Skype, Online BVI and the Company may be referred to individually as “Party” and collectively
as “Parties.” Skype, Online BVI, the Company, Skype Holding and Tom Holding may be referred to individually as “party to this Agreement” and
collectively as “parties to this Agreement.”
RECITALS
 
A. Each of Skype, Skype Holding, Online BVI, and Tom Holding are parties to that certain Memorandum of Terms dated October 12, 2004
(“Memorandum”), pursuant to which Skype and Online BVI have, among other things, agreed to (i) create, market and distribute a co-
branded, customized version of the Skype Software (as defined below) to be distributed in the PRC (as defined below) by incorporating
certain brand features of the Online Group (as defined below), and, (ii) develop and host a co-branded web site or web site content featuring
the Online Group’s and Skype’s brand features as related to the customized version of the Skype Software to be distributed in the PRC;
 
B. The parties to this Agreement are parties to that certain Shareholders’ Deed dated as of the date hereof (“ Deed”), and Skype and Online BVI
are the shareholders of the Company, a newly formed company formed for the purpose of marketing and distributing the Company-Skype
Branded Application (as defined below) on the terms of this Agreement;
 
C. Skype is a developer, distributor and supporter of the Skype Software, and is the owner and operator of a web site located at the URL
www.skype.com (“Skype Site”); and
 
D. The parties to this Agreement wish to terminate the Memorandum and enter into this Agreement pursuant to which the parties to this
Agreement will, inter alia, (i) grant the Company (or Online BVI, to act on behalf of the Company) certain rights to provide co-marketing and
co-branding activities, and (ii) expand the business relationship among the parties to this Agreement as they may mutually agree from time
to time.
 
1
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006AGREEMENT
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties to this Agreement agree as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS 
In addition to the capitalized terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
  1.1 “Adjusted Net Revenue” means Gross Revenue less Direct Expenses.
 
  1.2 “Affiliate” means in relation to any Person, any Subsidiary or Holding Company, and any company in which such Person or any such
Holding Company holds or Controls directly or indirectly not less than 30% of the issued share capital.
 
 
1.3 “Affiliate Program” means a marketing and/or advertising affiliate program made generally available from time to time to third parties
on non-negotiated and generally available terms by (i) Skype or (ii) any third party that contracts with Skype which (a) is not a
Primarily PRC Based Service Provider and (b) operates in multiple international markets (which may include the PRC) (“Third Party
Affiliate Partner”), in each case whereby other third parties are permitted to (x) in the case of a program made available by Skype,
advertise the Skype Software and/or link to the Skype Site from Web Sites hosted and operated by such third parties, or (y) in the case
of a program made available by a Third Party Affiliate Partner, (1) advertise the Skype Software together with such Third Party Affiliate
Partner’s software and/or (2) link to Web Sites hosted and operated by such Third Party Affiliate Partner, provided that, in each case,
the arrangement with the Third Party Affiliate Partner applies to multiple territories (which may include the PRC).
 
  1.4 “Code” means the existing proprietary computer software of any Party or any Affiliate of any Party (as the case may be).
 
 
1.5 “Company-Skype Branded Application” means a customized version of the Skype Software which includes both Skype Brand
Features and Online BVI Brand Features (and with the prior approval of Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion,
newly created brand features and/or brand features licensed from third parties), and which includes SkypeOut, SkypeIn and Skype
Plus (except for the Skype Toolbar).
 
 
1.6 “Company-Skype Branded Content” means the combined content and branding of both the Online Group and Skype (and with the
prior approval of Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, (i) newly created content and/or branding, and/or (ii)
content and/or branding licensed from third parties) in a specified Look and Feel format subject to the Skype Policies. Company-Skype
Branded Content shall be comprised of both Online BVI Intellectual Property and Skype Intellectual Property.
 
 
1.7 “Company-Skype Branded Customer” means all subscribers, users or other customers of the Company-Skype Branded Application,
the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and/or the Company-Skype Branded Content including, without
limitation, those procured by the Online Group, as principal or as agent or through agents, distributors or resellers, through any
distribution or marketing channels.
 
2
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.8 “Company-Skype Branded Web Site” means the set of Web Pages, initially located and hosted on  skype.tom.com, containing, inter
alia, the Company-Skype Branded Content.
 
 
1.9 “Company-Skype Toolbar” means the Skype Toolbar made available and/or distributed through or in connection with the Company-
Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and/or the Online BVI Web Site (and any other Web Site mutually
agreed by the Parties in accordance with  Section 2.2).
 
  1.10 “Confidential Information” shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 11 herein.
 
 
1.11 “Consumer” means, in relation to a product or service or market for a product or service, an individual who takes the product or
service for primarily non-business and non-work purposes (even if, for the avoidance of doubt, that individual sometimes, as a
secondary purpose, uses the product or service for their work or business).
 
 
1.12 “Control” means, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the affirmative power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of securities, partnership interests or other
ownership interests, by contract, by membership or involvement in the board of directors or other management structure of such
Person, or otherwise. For purposes hereof, the holding, directly or indirectly, of 30% or more of the issued share capital of a Person
shall be deemed the Control of such Person.
 
 
1.13 “Customers” means all subscribers, users or other customers procured by the Online Group or the Group, as principal or as agent or
through agents, distributors or resellers, through any distribution or marketing channels, of the Company-Skype Branded Application,
the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and/or the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Online
Group’s and the Group’s internet services, value-added services and other products and services in the Territory.
 
  1.14 “Deliverable” means an item specified in the “Deliverables” portion of any Statement of Work.
 
  1.15 “Direct Expenses” means only those direct expenses set forth below that are incurred by a Party in connection with the Company-
Skype Branded Application from a non-affiliated third party:
 
  •   Transmission fees
 
  •   CODEC fees (or other similar fees or royalties, including all interconnection and delivery fees)
 
  •   Sales taxes or other regulatory charges
 
  •   Telecommunications network operators’ fees, including transmission fees, call termination fees and collection charges
 
  •   Alliance fees payable to handset manufacturers and/or mobile operators
 
  •   Fees payable to payment agencies such as online-banking charges and charges of collection agents and banks for
payment collection
 
  •   Technology license fees approved by Skype and Online BVI in writing
 
  •   Other costs approved by Skype and Online BVI in writing.
 
3
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.16 “Gross Revenue” means any and all revenue actually received and collected by a Party, or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate, licensee,
distributor or reseller thereof, from (i) any SkypeOut, SkypeIn or Skype Plus services (or other products or services similar to Skype
Plus developed under this Agreement by the Parties) provided through or in connection with the Company-Skype Branded
Application, Company-Skype Branded Content or Company-Skype Branded Web Site, and (ii) any advertising, licensing, distribution
or other exploitation of the Company-Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Branded Content or Company-Skype Branded
Web Site. For purposes of clarity, save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no development (including, without limitation, any
development, updating, upgrading and improvement of software or other technology), sales, promotional, operating, customer
support or marketing costs incurred by any Party, including, without limitation, of any third party, in connection with the Company-
Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Branded Content or Company-Skype Branded Web Site, shall be deducted from Gross
Revenue.
 
  1.17 “Group” means the Company and its Subsidiaries.
 
  1.18 “HTML” means the series of commands for formatting Web Pages known as HyperText Markup Language, and shall include any
current and future extensions thereto, whether or not the extensions are commonly viewed as “official”.
 
 
1.19 “Improvement” means any invention, modification, addition, derivative work, enhancement, revision, translation, abridgment,
condensation or expansion to or arising from the Skype Intellectual Property or the Online BVI Intellectual Property (as the case may
be), or any other form in which the Skype Intellectual Property or the Online BVI Intellectual Property (as the case may be) or any part
thereof, may be recast, transformed, or adapted.
 
  1.20 “Indemnified Party” means the Party claiming indemnification under Section 13.
 
  1.21 “Indemnifying Party” means the Party liable to indemnify the Indemnified Party under Section 13.
 
  1.22 “Intellectual Property” means, in the case of Skype, the Skype Intellectual Property, and in the case of Online BVI, the Online BVI
Intellectual Property.
 
  1.23 “Internet” means the world-wide network of computers commonly understood to provide features and functions, including, without
limitation, electronic mail, file transfers, electronic commerce, and World Wide Web access.
 
  1.24 “Link” means a hypertext link directly between Web Pages on the World Wide Web which may be initiated by clicking an icon, logo,
button, image or text.
 
 
1.25 “Look and Feel” means the general appearance and functionality of any Company-Skype Branded Content mutually agreed upon by
the Parties, displayed in the Company-Skype Branded Application or made available by the Online Group or the Group on the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site.
 
 
1.26 “Online BVI Brand Features” means the trade marks, trade names, service marks, service names and logos proprietary or licensed to
the Online Group (exclusive of the Skype Intellectual Property), and any additions, modifications or Improvements to the foregoing
that may be made from time to time.
 
4
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.27 “Online BVI Intellectual Property” means all Online BVI Brand Features, the Online BVI Web Site, the Company-Skype Branded Web
Site (exclusive of any Skype Intellectual Property contained therein), the Online Group’s software and Code, databases of the Online
Group, including, without limitation, customer information databases and account information related to Customers (other than, and
not including, the databases and account information related specifically to “user” names and “user profiles” within the Company-
Skype Branded Application and the Skype Software (as set forth in  Section 4.2.3.2.1)), text, pictures, sound, graphics, video and all
other intellectual property owned or licensed to the Online Group (exclusive of the Skype Intellectual Property) and all copyrights,
patents, trade marks, service marks, right of publicity, authors’ rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual
property rights therein and thereto as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and all renewals and extensions thereof,
regardless of whether such rights arise under the laws of the PRC, the United States, European Union, or any other state, country or
jurisdiction.
 
  1.28 “Online BVI Web Site” means www.tom.com and any other “*.tom.com” Web Site (excluding the Company-Skype Branded Web Site).
 
  1.29 “Online Group” means Tom Holding and its Subsidiaries (other than the Group).
 
  1.30 “Person” means any individual, company (whether general or limited), limited liability company, corporation, trust, estate, association,
nominee or other entity.
 
  1.31 “PRC” or “Territory” means the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the
Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan).
 
  1.32 “Primarily PRC Based Service Provider” means a service provider having all or substantially all of its revenue and operations
generated from, and conducted in, respectively, the PRC.
 
  1.33 “Services” means those services specified in the “General Description of Services” portion of any Statement of Work.
 
  1.34 “Skype API” means application program interface consisting of the set of routines utilized by the Skype Software to provide the
Skype Software functionality for a given platform or operating system, Skype API being included in or linked to the Skype Software.
 
 
1.35 “Skype Brand Features” means the trade marks, trade names, service marks, service names and logos proprietary or licensed to Skype
(exclusive of the Online BVI Intellectual Property), and any additions, modifications or Improvements to the foregoing that may be
made by Skype from time to time.
 
  1.36 “Skype Group” means Skype Holding and its subsidiaries.
 
 
1.37 “Skype Intellectual Property” means all Skype Brand Features, Skype Software, Skype Toolbar, Skype’s Code (including, without
limitation, that contained within the Skype Software and Skype Toolbar), databases and account information related to any member of
the Skype Group and the Skype Software (other than, and not including, the databases and account information related to the
Customers and not otherwise related specifically to “user” names and “user profiles” within the Company-Skype Branded Application
and the Skype Software (as set forth in  Section 4.2.3.2.1)), text, pictures, sound, graphics, video and all other intellectual property
owned or licensed to Skype (exclusive of the Online BVI Intellectual Property) and all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks,
right of publicity, authors’ rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights therein and thereto as
may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and all renewals and extensions thereof, regardless of whether such rights arise
under the laws of the PRC, United States, European Union, or any other state, country or jurisdiction.
 
5
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.38 “Skype Parties” means Skype and Skype Holding and “ Skype Party” means any one of them.
 
 
1.39 “Skype Plus” means any Skype Toolbar (or similar Skype product), if any, and any paid service or product offering accessible through
the Skype Software or a feature of the Skype Software, including, without limitation, mobile and/or wireless functionality, the pricing
for which shall be as set forth by Skype from time to time and for which pricing for the Company-Skype Branded Application will be
the same as pricing set by Skype for customers using Skype Software subject to such modifications as are reasonably necessary to
take into account the effect of applicable taxation, currency fluctuations and to comply with PRC regulations and provided that Skype
shall be permitted from time to time to set prices which provide for the same gross margin as the prices set forth from time to time for
non co-branded versions of Skype Plus.
 
  1.40 “Skype Policies” means the guidelines and policies provided by Skype to its branding partners for the use of Skype Brand Features
and co-branding with Skype, which guidelines and policies Skype may modify from time to time in its sole discretion.
 
  1.41 “Skype Software” means the proprietary communication software product entitled “Skype”, distributed by Skype and which Skype
may update or upgrade from time to time, in its sole discretion, and which includes SkypeOut, SkypeIn and Skype Plus.
 
 
1.42 “Skype Toolbar” means a proprietary software product, distributed by Skype and which Skype may update or upgrade from time to
time, in its sole discretion, which enables the Skype Software to be activated directly from a toolbar appearing in another software
application such as, without limitation, a Web Browser and/or an e-mail manager.
 
 
1.43 “Skype Zones” means the proprietary software product entitled “Skype Zones” distributed by Skype as of the Effective Date which
enables the Skype Software to be accessed through Wi-Fi hot spots but for the avoidance of doubt does not include any updated or
upgraded versions thereof.
 
 
1.44 “SkypeIn” means a feature of the Skype Software which allows a user of the Skype Software to receive calls from telephone numbers
through the public switched telephone network (“ PSTN”), the pricing for which shall be as set forth by Skype from time to time and
for which pricing for the Company-Skype Branded Application will be the same as pricing set by Skype for customers using Skype
Software subject to such modifications as are reasonably necessary to take into account the effect of applicable taxation, currency
fluctuations and to comply with PRC regulations and provided that Skype shall be permitted from time to time to set prices which
provide for the same gross margin as the prices set forth from time to time for non co-branded versions of SkypeIn.
 
6
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.45 “SkypeOut” means a feature of the Skype Software which allows a user of the Skype Software to place calls from the Skype Software
to telephone numbers through the PSTN , the pricing for which shall be as set forth by Skype from time to time and for which pricing
for the Company-Skype Branded Application will be the same as pricing set by Skype for customers using Skype Software subject to
such modifications as are reasonably necessary to take into account the effect of applicable taxation, currency fluctuations and to
comply with PRC regulations and provided that Skype shall be permitted from time to time to set prices which provide for the same
gross margin as the prices set forth from time to time for non co-branded versions of SkypeOut.
 
  1.46 “Statement” shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 5.3.1 herein.
 
 
1.47 “Statement of Work” means each sequentially numbered document executed by the Parties from time to time following the execution
of this Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as  Exhibit A, describing the Services to be performed by the applicable Party,
the Deliverables, applicable fees, scope of work and appropriate project timelines, as well as any requirements, considerations, or
objectives which differ from the general provisions of this Agreement. If any provision of a Statement of Work conflicts with any of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall take precedence.
 
  1.48 “Subsidiary” and “Holding Company” each have the meaning set out in Section 736 of the Companies Act 1985 of the United
Kingdom.
 
  1.49 “Term” shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1 herein.
 
  1.50 “Third Party Affiliate Partner” shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 1.3 herein.
 
  1.51 “Tom Parties” means Online BVI and Tom Holding and “Tom Party” means any one of them.
 
  1.52 “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Deed and any other agreement or arrangement entered into by a Tom Party (or
its Affiliate) and a Skype Party (or its Affiliate) in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement or the Deed.
 
  1.53 “Web Browser” means third party software designed to allow interactive access to the World Wide Web (and in some cases to other
Internet resources as well).
 
 
1.54 “Web Page” means a document or file that is formatted using HTML, Java, Active-X, CGI Scripting, and/or any other Internet
programming and formatting language developed now or in the future, and that is intended to be accessible by Internet users with a
Web Browser.
 
  1.55 “Web Site” means a group of related HTML documents and associated files, scripts, and data bases that are made available on the
World Wide Web through a server.
 
7
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20061.56 “World Wide Web” means all of the Web Pages that are accessible to a typical computer user with appropriate access to the Internet
and a Web Browser.
 
2. COMPANY-SKYPE BRANDED APPLICATION, COMPANY-SKYPE BRANDED WEB SITE and COMPANY-SKYPE BRANDED
CONTENT 
2.1. Company-Skype Branded Application. At its sole cost, Skype shall design and produce the Company-Skype Branded Application in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Skype shall provide updates and upgrades of the Company-Skype Branded
Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar at or about the same times as updates and upgrades to the Skype Software and/or the Skype
Toolbar, respectively, are generally provided by Skype to other users of the Skype Software and/or the Skype Toolbar, as applicable, to the extent
commercially practicable, it being understood that localisation will take place after the generally distributable versions of the update or upgrades to
the Skype Software and/or the Skype Toolbar, as applicable, have been generally released. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Skype agrees to take
under advisement and consider the Company’s recommendations (or the recommendations of Online BVI on behalf of the Company) on the timing
and suitability of any updated or upgraded Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar. For the purposes of this
Agreement, any reference to the Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar shall include any updates and/or
upgrades thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Skype agrees that as soon as practicable after such time as the technology that
would allow the Skype Software to be distributed to and used on mobile communication devices (for purposes hereof, the “ Mobile Technology”) is
made available by Skype or any of its Affiliates to users of the Skype Software, Skype will update or upgrade the Company-Skype Branded
Application to include such technology therein. Skype further agrees that in the event that, prior to such time as the Company-Skype Branded
Application is updated or upgraded to include the Mobile Technology, Skype or any of its Affiliates makes available to Skype users a new software
product which allows access to services available through the Skype Software but on or through mobile communication devices (but in any event
excluding Skype Zones), it will license that software product to the Company and Online BVI on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement with respect to the Skype Software and the Company-Skype Branded Application customized therefrom, and references to the Skype
Software in this Agreement shall be deemed to include such software product.
2.2. Company-Skype Branded Web Site. The Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, design, produce, host, and maintain
the structure, appearance, and content mutually agreed by the Parties, as described below, comprising the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and
the Company-Skype Branded Content located therein, including, without limitation, by providing any necessary and suitable hardware and any
other equipment or facilities necessary to fulfil such requirements. Except with respect to the Skype Brand Features and the Online BVI Brand
Features located on the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, the Online BVI Web Site and/or in the Company-Skype Branded Content, which Skype
and Online BVI, respectively, may approve or reject in its sole discretion, the design, production, hosting, and maintenance of the structure,
appearance, and content comprising the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and the Company-Skype Branded Content shall be mutually agreed by
the Parties. Skype shall provide the Company-Skype Branded Application to the Company, and the Company will, and Online BVI will cause the
Company to, make the Company-Skype Branded Application available for download by Customers through the Online BVI Web Site and/or the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site and any other Web Site mutually agreed by the Parties, and once the technology is made available by Skype for
it to do so, through mobile phones and other distribution channels.
 
8
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20062.3. Promotions.
2.3.1. The Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, use its commercially reasonable efforts to promote the Company-
Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site to all of Online BVI’s customers in the Territory, as each is agreed by the
Parties in accordance with Section 2.2 above. Subject to Section 2.3.2, all decisions relating to the specific promotional activities of the Company
and the Online Group hereunder, including, without limitation, any advertising, licensing, distribution or other exploitation of the Company-Skype
Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Branded Content or Company-Skype Branded Web Site, shall be mutually agreed
upon, provided, however, that the Online Group shall at a minimum (i) promote the availability of the Company-Skype Branded Application to all
visitors of the Online BVI Web Site, (ii) promote the availability of the Company-Skype Branded Application to all its existing customers and/or
users, provided that this obligation shall not require the Online Group to communicate with those customers and/or users by SMS or e-mail where
prohibited by contract, applicable laws, regulations and/or policies of telecommunications operators, and (iii) place each of the following in a
reasonably conspicuous position within a prominent home or next level Web Page, the “preferred partners” area, and any other area or other Web
Pages within the Online BVI Web Site as the Parties may mutually agree to from time to time: (x) links to the Company-Skype Branded Application
and a mutually-agreeable short profile of Skype; and (y) promotional material for the Company-Skype Branded Application and links to the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site.
2.3.2. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Parties agree that they shall in the first quarter of each calendar year and the
third quarter of each calendar year reach an agreement on the respective semi-annual promotional plan prepared by the Company, or by Online BVI
for and on behalf of the Company, in each case in consultation with Skype (“ Semi-Annual Promotions Plan”). In the event the Parties are unable to
agree at any time with respect to such Semi-Annual Promotions Plan, the Semi-Annual Promotions Plan for the immediately prior period shall apply.
So long as the Company does not materially deviate from the Semi-Annual Promotions Plan for that relevant year, neither Online BVI nor the
Company, as applicable, need to seek a separate approval from Skype under Section 2.3.1 prior to undertaking a promotional activity during that
year.
2.4. Customer Support.
2.4.1. During the Term, each of Online BVI and the Company, on the one hand, and Skype, on the other hand, shall provide to the other,
at no cost, technical support, documentation and co-ordination reasonably requested to assist in the optimal offering of the Company-Skype
Branded Application in the PRC.
2.4.2. The Company shall be responsible for, and Online BVI shall cause the Company to provide, all first level support to the Company-
Skype Branded Customers, which shall be its standard customer support—twenty four hours a day, seven days a week, provided that Skype shall
provide the Online Group with reasonably prompt back-end support and network connection support, in each case to the extent such support is
within the control of Skype, on a twenty four hours a day and seven days a week basis, as may be reasonably required from time to time. In this
connection, Skype shall provide assistance and give a reply to the Company on each back-end and network connection service request in no less
than twelve (12) hours after the receipt of such request from the Company. Skype shall also maintain and provide access to the customer support
forum on the Skype Site, in the English language only.
2.4.3. In the event any Party has a major service fault, they will inform the other Party and make commercially reasonable efforts to
resolve such issue as soon as practicable, and will not be in breach so long as such Party is exercising its commercially reasonable efforts to
resolve such service fault.
 
9
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20062.5. Payment Methods . The Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, use its commercially reasonable efforts to make
available and promote the Online Group’s existing payment processing and customer billing and payment gateway methods for the purchase of
Skype premium features by Company-Skype Branded Customers, including, without limitation, prepaid card distribution networks, vouchers and
mobile payment methods, provided, that all payment processing and customer billing and payment gateway charges for such payment methods are
on terms that are as or more favourable than the most favourable pricing and terms for such services otherwise provided at the applicable time by
any member of the Online Group, and provided further that such pricing and terms have first been mutually approved in writing by the Parties.
2.6. Support Information. Should Online BVI or Company at any time develop support information for end users regarding the Company-
Skype Branded Application (“Support Information”), all such Support Information must receive the prior written approval of Skype, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld. Should Online BVI, or the Company, at any point during the Term, remove such Support Information from the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site, the Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, provide a link to the relevant Skype Software
customer support page on the Skype Site in a prominent position on the Company-Skype Branded Web Site.
2.7. Look and Feel. Subject to the express terms contained in any Statement of Work, the Company will, and Online BVI will cause the
Company to, work together with Skype to develop an acceptable Look and Feel for projects developed under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the Company-Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site and the Company-Skype
Branded Content, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, all such projects shall be subject to, and comply with,
the Skype Policies, a copy of the most recent version of which shall be provided by Skype to Company prior to the execution of this Agreement.
2.8. Skype EULA. Each of Online BVI and the Company acknowledges and agrees that each Company-Skype Branded Customer who installs
the Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar must agree (by electronically acknowledging acceptance or any
other means) to Skype’s then standard End User License Agreement for the Skype Software and/or the Skype Toolbar (as the case may be) which
Skype may modify from time to time at its sole discretion (“EULA”). To the extent practicable and otherwise not adversely affecting the rights of
Skype therein, Skype shall cause the provisions of the EULA to comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC and/or
policies/practices of the telecommunications operators and handset manufacturers in the PRC that are requested in writing by Online BVI and/or
the Company and delivered to Skype in advance, and which are agreeable to both parties. If Skype is unwilling to modify its EULA and counsel for
the Company or Skype provides Skype with a legal opinion that unless modifications are made to the EULA the Company will thereafter be in
material violation of applicable laws of the PRC and Skype nevertheless elects not to make such modifications as are necessary to comply with the
laws of the PRC, the Company, Online BVI or Skype may thereafter terminate this Agreement by delivery to the other parties 30 days written notice
of termination. Upon any such termination, the Parties will comply with the other provisions surviving termination hereunder, including, without
limitation, Section 6.3.
2.9. Compliance with Laws. To the extent practicable and not otherwise adversely affecting the rights of any party to this Agreement, the
Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Company-Skype Branded Content and Company-Skype Branded Web Site
complies with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC that are identified in writing by Online BVI and/or the Company and delivered to
Skype in advance.
 
10
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20063. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Parties agree to participate in a joint press announcement regarding this Agreement, the Company-Skype Branded Application and the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site, which will take place on a mutually agreed upon date. The form and content of any joint press release shall be
mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing prior to the public transmittal, display, distribution or publication thereof. In any press release
regarding the Company-Skype Branded Application, both Skype’s and Tom Holding’s name and logo shall be included in the press release, and
shall appear with equal prominence.
4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS & LICENSE GRANTS 
4.1 Licenses.
4.1.1 Skype License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Online BVI hereby grants to Skype and the Company a
limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in  Section 14.4), royalty-
free (but subject to the provisions of  Section 5), license during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the
Online BVI Intellectual Property solely as incorporated in, and for the development of and for transmission pursuant to this Agreement of the
Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, upon the prior written approval of Online BVI, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, the Company shall be permitted to
sublicense its rights hereunder to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or a majority-owned Subsidiary of Tom Holding, for the same
purpose and under the same terms and conditions as the license set forth herein.
4.1.2 Company License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement:
4.1.2.1 Skype hereby grants to Online BVI and the Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as set forth
herein), non-transferable, non-assignable (except as provided in  Section 14.4), royalty-free (but subject to the provisions of  Section 5), license
during the Term to use, market, provide access to, promote, reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property solely (i) as incorporated in the
Company-Skype Branded Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar, and (ii) as incorporated in, for the development of, and for transmission
pursuant to this Agreement of, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, in each case for the sole
purposes (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties) of promoting and distributing, pursuant to this Agreement, the Company-Skype
Branded Application, the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Content and the Company-Skype Branded Web Site in the
Territory; (a) provided, that it is understood that the Company-Skype Branded Customers will have the right under the EULA to use the Company-
Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar and will have the right to access the Company-Skype Branded Content, the
Company-Skype Branded Web Site and the Online BVI Web Site through the Internet and to otherwise receive support from the Company
anywhere in the world, and that the Company shall be permitted to provide access to and reproduce and display the Skype Intellectual Property
through the Internet anywhere in the world, and (b) provided further, that Online BVI and the Company shall ensure that no Company-Skype
Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) shall be permitted to access, using the Company-Skype Branded Application
or the Company-Skype Toolbar or through the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, any Skype premium features requiring payment by the
Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer), including, but not limited to, SkypeIn, SkypeOut, or Skype
Plus, unless such Company-Skype Branded Customer (or potential Company-Skype Branded Customer) uses the payment methods made available
by the Company pursuant to  Section 2.5 for the purchase of such premium features.
 
11
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20064.1.2.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the prior written approval of Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole
discretion, the Company shall be permitted to sublicense its rights hereunder to a wholly-owned Subsidiary, a majority-owned Subsidiary of Tom
Holding, or to an unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller, for the same purpose and under the same terms and conditions as the license set
forth herein. In connection with approval of any unaffiliated third party distributor, or reseller the Company will discuss the manner of collection of
revenue by, the audit provisions to be obtained from, and the creditworthiness of the proposed unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller, and, if
agreed by Skype, with respect to such unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller only, Skype may, in its sole discretion notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 5, agree that “Gross Revenue” to the extent generated by that unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller will arise on the
date payment with respect to that revenue is due from the unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller to the Company as opposed to the date
upon which the applicable revenue is actually collected by the third party distributor or reseller and the operation of the provisions of  Section 5 in
respect of the revenue due from that unaffiliated third party distributor or reseller shall be amended accordingly.
4.1.3 Restrictions. Each Party may only use the Intellectual Property of the other Party as expressly set forth in the licenses provided in
this Section 4.
4.1.3.1 Except as provided herein, no member of the Online Group or the Group may in any manner (i) modify the Skype Software,
Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Toolbar and/or Company-Skype Branded Application or any Improvement thereof; (ii) distribute, sell, transfer,
encumber, sublicense, rent, loan, lend or lease the Skype Software and/or the Skype Toolbar, and/or any component thereof to any third party; or
(iii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover or directly access the source code of the Skype Software, Skype
Toolbar and/or Company-Skype Branded Application, and/or any component thereof. For purposes of clarity, the rights granted to Online BVI
pursuant to this  Section 4 exist solely for the purposes of performance of this Agreement.
4.1.3.2 Except as provided herein, no member of the Skype Group or the Group may in any manner (i) modify any of the Online
BVI Intellectual Property or any Improvements thereof; or (ii) distribute, sell, transfer, encumber, sublicense, rent, loan, lend or lease any Online BVI
Intellectual Property, and/or any component thereof to any third party. For purposes of clarity, the rights granted to Skype pursuant to this  Section
4 exist solely for the purposes of performance of this Agreement.
4.1.4 Reservation of Rights. Each Party does not grant, and hereby expressly reserves unto itself, all rights not granted in this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent either party from using or from granting any other licenses and rights to other
Persons to use the Intellectual Property licensed under this  Section 4 in any manner whatsoever in the Territory.
4.2 Ownership.
4.2.1 Skype Intellectual Property. Each of Online BVI and the Company acknowledges and agrees that Skype shall, at all times,
exclusively own all rights, title, and interest in the Skype Intellectual Property, and all Improvements and translations thereof ( “Skype Rights”).
Neither Online BVI nor the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or other affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either
expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to the Skype Rights. For purposes of clarity, any and all language translations to the
Company-Skype Branded Application or Company-Skype Toolbar created by or on behalf of Skype, or the Company, or Online BVI, on behalf of
the Company (other than translations to any Online BVI Intellectual Property or any Improvements thereof made by the Group or the Online Group),
shall be deemed Improvements of the Skype Intellectual Property and shall be subject to Skype’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. The Company and Online BVI each assign to Skype, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service
marks, rights of publicity, authors’ rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the foregoing
translations as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights
and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.
 
12
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20064.2.2 Online BVI Intellectual Property. Each of Skype and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Online Group shall, at all
times, exclusively own all rights, title, and interest in the Online BVI Intellectual Property, and all Improvements and translations thereto (“Group
Rights”). Neither Skype nor the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or other affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either
expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to the Group Rights.
4.2.3 Improvements; Jointly Created Intellectual Property .
4.2.3.1. Each of Online BVI and the Company acknowledges and agrees that Skype shall, at all times, exclusively own all right,
title, and interest in the Company-Skype Branded Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar, save and except for the Group Rights (including,
without limitation, any Improvement to the Group Rights) to the extent included therein, and that Skype will exclusively own any Improvement to
any Skype Rights. Each of Skype and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Online Group shall, at all times, exclusively own all right, title,
and interest in the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, save and except for the Skype Rights (including, without limitation, any Improvement to the
Skype Rights) to the extent included therein, and that Online BVI will exclusively own any Improvement to any Group Rights. The right, title and
interest in and to the Company-Skype Branded Content shall be owned by Skype to the extent made up of the Skype Rights which have been
integrated into the Company-Skype Branded Content, and by the Online Group to the extent made up of the Group Rights which have been
integrated into the Company-Skype Branded Content.
4.2.3.2. If any intellectual property rights that are subject to legal protection are created or developed jointly by the Parties as a
result of the collaboration under this Agreement, such intellectual property rights shall be owned as follows:
4.2.3.2.1. if such rights comprise (i) intellectual property that constitutes predominantly communication software or related
communication hardware or other technology, including without limitation, any upgrades and Improvements thereof, or (ii) any “user” names, and
other “user profile” information included within the Company-Skype Branded Application (i.e., dates of birth, addresses, languages spoken, etc.),
of Company-Skype Branded Customers collected as part of the registration process for the Company-Skype Branded Application (it being
understood that Skype will make such user information available to Online BVI and the Company for use consistent with the applicable privacy
policies and the EULA) and any database incorporating the same, then such rights shall be owned exclusively by Skype and neither Online BVI nor
the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or its affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either expressly or impliedly, any rights,
title, interest, or licenses to such rights and each assigns to Skype, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks,
rights of publicity, authors’ rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the same as may exist
now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals
and extensions thereof.
 
13
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20064.2.3.2.2. if such rights comprise any data specifically provided to the Group by Customers during the billing process
(“Billing Data”), then such rights shall be owned exclusively by the Online Group and neither Skype nor the Company will grant, nor claim for
itself or its affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to such
rights and each assigns to Online BVI, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks, rights of publicity, authors’
rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the same as may exist now and/or hereafter come
into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.
4.2.3.2.3. if such rights comprise (i) analysis prepared for or on behalf of the Parties as participants in the Company-Skype
Branded Application, or (ii) any intellectual property right co-developed by the Parties, or (iii) of any Support Information, or (iv) any data as
specifically provided to Skype or the Online Group by Company-Skype Branded Customers ( “Joint Data”), other than that set forth in  Sections
4.2.3.2.1 and 4.2.3.2.2 above and other than any Group Rights or Skype Rights, then such rights shall be jointly owned by the Parties, and may be
exploited by any Party in accordance with this Agreement, and outside of this Agreement to the extent such exploitation would not, (x) in the case
of Online BVI, violate or infringe upon the Skype Rights, (y) in the case of Skype, violate or infringe upon the Group Rights, or (z) in the case of the
Company, violate or infringe upon the Group Rights or the Skype Rights.
4.2.3.2.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may use the Skype API for the sole purpose of developing
applications that connect with the Company-Skype Branded Application ( “Add-On Applications”), and provided that such use is at all times in
compliance with the terms of the API provisions of the EULA as released by Skype from time to time, such Add-On Applications shall be owned by
the Company as set forth in the EULA.
5. PAYMENTS AND REPORTING
5.1 Other Revenue. The Company-Skype Branded Application will permit Company-Skype Branded Customers to access basic features at no
charge to the Company-Skype Branded Customers. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the rights granted by the Online Group hereunder
are not exclusive (save as provided herein) and the Online Group will offer its own products and services through various channels and may
receive subscription and other fees ( “Separate Fees”) for such services (“Separate Services”), other than and not in any manner relating to the
Company-Skype Branded Application, the Company-Skype Toolbar, the Company-Skype Branded Web Site or the Company-Skype Branded
Content, offered by the Online Group from time to time and accessible separate from, and entirely independent of, the Company-Skype Branded
Application, the Company-Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Branded Web Site and/or the Company-Skype Branded Content. No portion of the
Separate Fees shall be payable to or shared in by Skype or the Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if approved in writing by Skype, which
approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, the Online Group may (i) charge any additional or separate fees to access the Company-Skype
Branded Web Site, Company-Skype Branded Content, Company-Skype Branded Application or Company-Skype Toolbar, or (ii) offer any Separate
Services or charge any Separate Fees by or through the Company-Skype Branded Web Site, Company-Skype Branded Content, Company-Skype
Branded Application or Company-Skype Toolbar. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the rights granted by Skype hereunder are not
exclusive (save as provided herein) and Skype will offer its own products and services, other than and not in any manner relating to the Company-
Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar, Company-Skype Branded Web Site or Company-Skype Branded Content, through various
channels accessible separate from, and entirely independent of, the Company-Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar, Company-
Skype Branded Web Site and/or the Company-Skype Branded Content, and that no portion of the revenue derived from such products and services
shall be payable to or shared with the Online Group or the Group.
 
14
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20065.2 Revenue Sharing. In consideration of the licenses and other agreements set forth herein, Skype shall be entitled to receive 50% of all
Adjusted Net Revenue, and the Company shall be entitled to receive 50% of all Adjusted Net Revenue. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Online BVI
shall be entitled to receive 50% of all Adjusted Net Revenue, in lieu of the Company’s right to be paid hereunder, in the event that (A) this
Agreement remains in effect, (B) Online BVI assumes the obligations of the Company hereunder, and (C) (i) the Deed is terminated pursuant to the
terms thereof, or (ii)) the Company is being or has been wound up, liquidated or dissolved. Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties in
writing, the Company and Online BVI shall provide for, or make available, the payment methods, fraud prevention mechanisms, and other services
related to the receipt of payments in connection with SkypeOut, SkypeIn or Skype Plus services provided through the Company-Skype Branded
Application or Company-Skype Branded Web Site (“Payment Services”), in each case as shall be previously approved in writing by Skype, which
approval may be withheld in its sole discretion. The Company and Online BVI shall provide the Payment Services directly, or make available, or, to
the extent previously approved in writing by Skype, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, through a respective Subsidiary or other
Affiliate (including, without limitation, a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Online Group), licensee, distributor or reseller thereof. For purposes of
clarity, Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, pay directly any and all Direct Expenses, including, without limitation, Direct
Expenses incurred by Skype, promptly upon invoice. In the event that Skype provides any Payment Services, Skype shall provide the Payment
Services directly, or, to the extent previously approved in writing by Online BVI, which approval may be withheld in its sole discretion, through a
respective Subsidiary or other Affiliate (including, without limitation, a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Skype Group), licensee, distributor or
reseller thereof. For purposes of clarity, in the event Skype provides any Payment Services, Skype will pay directly any and all Direct Expenses
incurred in order for the Payment Services to be provided by Skype promptly upon invoice, and will be entitled to receive reimbursement of such
Direct Expenses from the Company upon invoice.
5.3 Statements; Payments .
5.3.1 Within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter during the Term, the Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company
to, furnish to Skype complete and accurate statements (each, a  “Statement”) in a form acceptable to Skype, certified to be accurate by an officer of
the Company or Online BVI, as applicable, showing with reasonable detail (i) the Gross Revenue actually received and collected by the Company or
Online BVI, or if applicable, any Subsidiary or other Affiliate (including, without limitation, a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of Tom Holding), licensee,
distributor or reseller thereof, during the preceding calendar quarter and on a cumulative basis, (ii) the Direct Expenses incurred thereby, during the
preceding calendar quarter and on a cumulative basis, and (iii) the calculation of Adjusted Net Revenue. In the event that Skype provides any
Payment Services hereunder, within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter during the Term, Skype shall furnish to the Company
complete and accurate Statements in a form acceptable to Online BVI, certified to be accurate by an officer of Skype, showing with reasonable detail
(i) the Gross Revenue actually received and collected by Skype, or if applicable, its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates (including, without limitation, a
Subsidiary or other Affiliate of Skype Holding), licensee, distributor or reseller thereof, during the preceding calendar quarter and on a cumulative
basis, (ii) the Direct Expenses incurred thereby, during the preceding calendar quarter and on a cumulative basis, and (iii) the calculation of
Adjusted Net Revenue. The respective Parties shall use their best efforts to accompany each respective Statement with payment, to Skype, if
provided by the Company or Online BVI (or their associated third parties set forth above), or to the Company (or Online BVI, as applicable), if
provided by Skype (or its associated third parties set forth above), as applicable, of 50% of the Adjusted Net Revenue shown on the respective
Statements. Provided that the respective Parties utilize their best efforts to provide such payments together with the respective Statements, no
Party shall be deemed in breach hereof for delivering late payment until the date which is sixty (60) days following the last day of the respective
applicable calendar quarter. All payments shall be paid in Euros, and in the event revenue is earned by a Party (or its associated third parties set
forth above) in currencies other than in Euros, then such Party shall convert said amounts each month into Euros based upon the exchange rate
published by the Wall Street Journal as of the fifteenth day of such month or if such day shall fall on a non-business day then as of the first
business day following said fifteenth day.
 
15
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20065.3.2 Interest shall be payable on any amounts paid later than the date due hereunder at the prime rate as reported by the New York edition of
the Wall Street Journal on the day the amount is due calculated from the date any amount is due until the date of receipt of the relevant sum by the
applicable Party.
5.3.3 The Parties agree to provide such further information relating to Adjusted Net Revenue as may be reasonably available and as may be
reasonably requested by the other Parties by giving 14 days’ prior written notice to the relevant Party from time to time.
5.3.4 All sums payable to a Party under this Agreement shall be made to such Party by bank wire transfer to the account set forth in
accordance with details given by such Party from time to time and shall only be treated as received when credited to such Party’s account by its
bank.
5.3.5 All payments will be made without deduction, withholding, counterclaim or set-off of any kind or nature. The Parties will supply each
other with all appropriate forms required to be submitted to avoid withholding taxes insofar as local laws allow and shall give each other reasonable
help in completing and filing these forms and shall give each other a certificate for any such tax which is withheld. In the event that the law requires
deduction or withholding from any payments due to a receiving Party under this Agreement, the paying Party shall increase the applicable gross
amounts payable to the extent necessary to ensure that the amount received by the receiving Party is not less than the stated amounts due
hereunder. If the receiving Party receives the benefit of a tax credit or an allowance resulting from a payment which includes such an additional
amount, the receiving Party shall pay to the paying Party such part of that benefit as in its opinion will leave it (after such payments) in no more and
no less favourable a position then it would have been in if no deduction or withholding had been made.
5.3.6 All payments to be made to a receiving Party hereunder shall be exclusive of any applicable Value Added Tax or sales or similar tax,
duty, or levy which shall be paid by the paying Party (where applicable) upon submission of the appropriate invoice for them.
5.4 Audit Rights. The Parties (including Online BVI on behalf of the Online Group) agree to maintain records (i) of all information reasonably
necessary to verify all calculations to be made under  Section 8.3.2, and (ii) supporting, verifying and necessary to demonstrate the calculation and
collection of fees and/or revenue, as well as any deductions thereto, and payments made hereunder, including, without limitation, budgets,
purchase orders, expense records, invoices, correspondence, banking and financial and other records pertaining to the determination of Gross
Revenue, Direct Expenses and Adjusted Net Revenue, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following the expiration
or termination hereof. Not more than once per calendar quarter, each Party or its independent auditor (who shall be a certified public accountant)
shall have the right, on not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior notice and not during the first twenty (20) days after the close of any fiscal
quarter of the other Parties, or within sixty (60) day of the close of such Parties’ respective fiscal years, to audit the books of account and records of
any and all such Parties. Such audit shall be conducted at the premises where the audited Party maintains consolidated books of account; provided
however, that the auditing Party may conduct all or any part of such audit at any of the audited Party’s premises where any relevant books of
account and/or records are located. During such audits, the auditing Party shall have the right to take extracts and/or make copies of the audited
Party’s records as it deems necessary. Such audits shall be at the auditing Party’s cost, except that, subject to  Section 5.5, if an audit by an
independent accounting firm establishes a deficiency of more than three percent (3%) between the amount shown to be due to the auditing Party
and the amount actually paid for the period being audited, all actual and reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the auditing Party in
connection with such audit shall be paid by the audited Party, along with the amount of any deficiency, within five (5) business days.
 
16
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006The exercise by any Party in whole or in part, at any time of the right to inspect and/or audit records and accounts or of any other right herein
granted, or the acceptance by such Party of any statement or statements or the receipt and/or deposit by such Party, of any payment tendered by
or on behalf of an audited Party shall be without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the accepting Party and such acceptance, receipt and/or
deposit shall not preclude or prevent such accepting Party from thereafter disputing the accuracy of any such statement or payment.
Each Party shall cause any Subsidiary or other Affiliate (including, without limitation, a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Online Group or Skype
Group, as applicable) to grant to the other Party the audit rights granted hereunder with respect to such other Party.
5.5 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, in the event of a discrepancy between the records of any Party with that of a
third party billing agent that is not an Affiliate of such Party (including, without limitation, records of telecommunications network operators), in the
absence of manifest error, the revenue statement or other records provided by such third party billing agent shall prevail and be conclusive for the
purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the determination of the amounts of Gross Revenue under this Agreement; provided,
however, that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to verify the reporting of, and collect payment from, all third party billing
agents..
6. TERM AND TERMINATION 
6.1 Term. The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum,
unless terminated earlier pursuant to  Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 (“Initial Term”). This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial
Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least
sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement (“Extended Term” and, with the Initial Term, “Term”).
6.2 Termination for Cause. Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement during the Term by giving notice to
another party to this Agreement or to any party that is not an Affiliate of the terminating party (collectively,  “Defaulter”): (i) if a petition is
presented or a proceeding is commenced or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, insolvency, administration,
reorganisation, reconstruction, dissolution or bankruptcy of the Defaulter or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, trustee or
similar officer of the Defaulter or of all or any part of its business or assets; (ii) if the Defaulter is unable or admits its inability to pay its debts as
they fall due or enters into any composition or other arrangement with its creditors or is declared or becomes bankrupt or insolvent; (iii) if a creditor
takes possession of all or any part of the business or assets of the Defaulter or any execution or other legal process is enforced against the
business or any substantial asset of the Defaulter and is not discharged within 90 days (iv) any procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction
analogous to any of the matters referred to in this clause; (v) if the Defaulter ceases to carry on its business or any substantial part thereof or if the
Defaulter disposes of or threatens to dispose of or any governmental or other authority expropriates or threatens to expropriate all or any
substantial part of its business or assets or displaces or threatens to displace the management of the Defaulter; (vi) if the Defaulter or any Affiliate
of the Defaulter is in material breach of its obligations hereunder or under any Transaction Document and such breach, if capable of remedy, has
not been remedied at the expiry of 30 days following written notice to that effect having been served on the Defaulter by the other Shareholder
indicating the steps required to be taken to remedy the failure; (vii) if the Defaulter or any Affiliate of the Defaulter repeats or continues (after
written warning) to breach its obligations hereunder or under any Transaction Document (such breach, having not been remedied within 30 days
following written notice to that effect having been served on the Defaulter by the other Shareholder indicating the steps required to be taken to
remedy the failure); and/or (viii) if the Parties have consummated a transaction whereby Skype has purchased all of the Shares (as defined in the
Deed) of Company held by Online BVI or its Affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Deed.
 
17
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20066.3 Duties Upon Termination. Subject to Section 6.5 and to the extent required for the Parties to give effect to  Section 6.4, upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, the following shall occur:
6.3.1 Each Party shall (i) immediately stop displaying, featuring, linking or in any other manner using the Company-Skype Branded
Application (provided in the case of Skype, other than the Skype Software in the Company-Skype Branded Application), Company-Skype Toolbar,
Company-Skype Branded Web Site, Company-Skype Branded Content, any co-branded materials or any other Intellectual Property of the other
Parties (including, without limitation, Intellectual Property deemed to be owned by the other Parties under  Section 4.2.3.2); (ii) return such materials
directly to the other Parties, or delete and overwrite any electronically stored copies of such materials within thirty (30) days from the date of
termination of this Agreement; (iii) within such thirty (30) day period, deliver to the other Parties a certificate duly executed by its authorised officer
certifying its compliance with the foregoing, and (iv) provide the other Parties with such information and access to data and databases as may be
necessary to permit such other Parties to fulfil any contractual obligations by them to users of the Company-Skype Branded Application
undertaken by such other Parties prior to the time of termination.
6.3.2 The Parties agree that upon termination of this Agreement, all Links, if any, between the Skype Site and the Online BVI Web Site or
the Company-Skype Branded Web Site shall be removed.
6.3.3 The termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not act as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement and shall not act as a
release of either party for any liability or obligation, including, without limitation, any payment due pursuant to  Section 5.3, incurred under this
Agreement.
6.4 The Parties agree that notwithstanding any termination or expiration of this Agreement, the rights and licenses granted to any Company-
Skype Branded Customers prior to termination or expiration of this Agreement pursuant to any EULA shall continue during the 24 months after
such termination or expiration for the sole purpose of permitting such users to continue to access and utilize the Company-Skype Branded
Application and the Company-Skype Toolbar, and so long as any Gross Revenue is received with respect to the Company-Skype Branded
Application and/or the Company-Skype Toolbar, the provisions of  Section 5 shall continue to be applicable after any termination or expiration.
6.5 Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.2.3.2.3 and this Section 6, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement all rights and
licenses granted hereunder shall immediately terminate.
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
7.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties . Each of the parties to this Agreement warrant and represent that it has the full right and power to
enter into this Agreement and that no contractual right of any third party will be violated, breached or negatively impacted by entering into this
Agreement. Skype further warrants and represents that the Skype Rights will not contain any libelous or otherwise unlawful material or violate any
copyright, trade mark, or personal or proprietary right of any Person, regardless of whether such rights arise under the laws of the PRC, the United
States, European Union, or any other state, country or jurisdiction. Online BVI further warrants and represents that the Group Rights will not
contain any libelous or otherwise unlawful material or violate any copyright, trade mark, or personal or proprietary right of any Person, regardless of
whether such rights arise under the laws of the PRC, the United States, European Union, or any other state, country or jurisdiction.
 
18
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20067.2 No Representation as to Number of Users, Capabilities or Revenue Hereunder . For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding any
portion of this Agreement to the contrary, no party to this Agreement has made and no party to this Agreement does hereby make any
representation or warranty with respect to the quantity of Company-Skype Branded Customers (if any) that shall arise hereunder, the commercial
success of the Company-Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar or Company-Skype Branded Web Site, the future features or
functionality of the Company-Skype Branded Application, Company-Skype Toolbar or the aggregate revenues to be received by the parties to this
Agreement.
8. NON-COMPETITION 
8.1 Non-Competition.
8.1.1 Each Party agrees that, for a period of five years (“Non-Competition Period”) from the Effective Date (“End Date”), no Party, nor
any of their respective Affiliates, will enter into an agreement with any third party, or otherwise carry on any business, directly or indirectly, which
is focused on, and targets, primarily Consumers within the PRC, and (i) in the case of Skype and Skype Holding, which provides for a co-branded
Internet-based application in simplified Chinese similar in functionality and features as the Company-Skype Branded Application (as may be
updated or upgraded from time to time) (and for the avoidance of doubt, a co-branded Internet-based application in simplified Chinese shall be
similar in functionality and features as the Company-Skype Branded Application only in the event such application is a customized co-branded
version of the Skype Software having one or more functionality or features contained in the Company-Skype Branded Application), or provides for
distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider; and (ii) in the case of Online BVI,
Tom Holding and the Company, which provides for any voice over internet protocol and/or instant messaging products or services that compete or
are likely to compete with the Skype Software.
8.1.2 Each Party agrees that, from the Effective Date and through the three (3) month period ( “Enterprise Non-Competition Period”)
immediately following the date (“Enterprise Launch Date”) that Skype launches an enterprise version of the Skype Software primarily targeted for
non-Consumer customers ( “Enterprise Skype Software”), no Party, nor any of their respective Subsidiaries, will (i) discuss, negotiate or enter into
(whether verbal or in writing) with any third Person or other third party ( “Other Party”) any understanding, arrangement, or memorandum of
understanding, letter of intent, agreement or any other documents (whether or not legally binding); and/or (ii) voluntarily accept or solicit any offer
made by any Other Party in respect of or in relation to, (a) in the case of Skype, an enterprise co-branded Internet-based application in simplified
Chinese that is focused on, and targeted primarily at, non-Consumers within the PRC, and that is substantially similar in functionality and features
as the Enterprise Skype Software, and (b) in the case of Online BVI, Tom Holding and the Company, any voice over internet protocol and/or instant
messaging products or services that compete or are likely to compete with the Enterprise Skype Software. During the Enterprise Non-Competition
Period, the Parties agree to use their commercially reasonable efforts to discuss mutually agreeable terms pursuant to which the Company would,
and Online BVI would cause the Company to, promote, market and distribute in the PRC an enterprise co-branded Internet-based application in
simplified Chinese that is focused on, and targeted primarily at, non-Consumers within the PRC, and that is substantially similar in functionality and
features as the Enterprise Skype Software.
 
19
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20068.2 Skype Exception. In the case of Skype and its Affiliates, the foregoing restrictions shall not apply:
8.2.1 (a) (i) for the avoidance of doubt, to the operations of Skype as existing now or hereafter undertaken with respect to any non co-
branded version of the Skype Software distributed by Skype except where those operations provide for distribution in the PRC of the Skype
Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider, or (ii) the operations of Skype customers and Affiliates under any
agreement existing as of the date hereof (e.g., with HGC), or (b) to any agreement now existing or hereafter entered into with an entity that operates
in multiple international markets, which may include the PRC, so long as such agreement applies to multiple territories, which may include the PRC
in addition to other territories, and does not, directly or indirectly, allow or provide for distribution in the PRC of the Skype Software in simplified
Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider (other than any service provider formed for the sole purpose of performing such agreement and
not operating in the PRC prior to the date of such agreement), or (c) to any (i) Affiliate Program or (ii) any agreement or activity under the Affiliate
Program by or with any third party, except in the case where the Affiliate Program, directly or indirectly, allows or provides for distribution in the
PRC of the Skype Software in simplified Chinese by a Primarily PRC Based Service Provider (other than any service provider formed for the sole
purpose of performing such agreement and not operating in the PRC prior to the date of such agreement); or
8.2.2 with respect to the provisions of  Section 8.1.2, during any period following the expiration of the Enterprise Non-Competition
Period.
8.3 Termination of Non-Competition Period. Notwithstanding any portion of the foregoing to the contrary, the Non-Competition Period shall
terminate prior to the End Date, and for the avoidance of doubt, no party shall be obligated to comply with the restrictions set out in  Section 8.1
after the termination of the Non-Competition Period:
8.3.1 within thirty (30) days of the end of the Type One Cure Period (defined below) where:
8.3.1.1 Skype or Online BVI has delivered a notice (“Type One Notice”) to (i) the Company and Online BVI (in the case of
Skype), or (ii) the Company and Skype (in the case of Online BVI), in the event that:
 
  (A) the SkypeOut or SkypeIn service has been available for use in the PRC for at least forty-five (45) days; and
 
 
(B) neither the Company nor Online BVI are providing services themselves or making available services for the SkypeOut or
SkypeIn service, which in each case are reasonably accessible to all Company-Skype Branded Customers, which allow the
Company-Skype Branded Customers to make payment for the Company-Skype Branded Application, including, without
limitation, by at least one of the following methods: prepaid cards or mobile phone billing or online payment gateway or
telephone company billing; and
 
20
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20068.3.1.2 the circumstances under Section 8.3.1.1(B) have not been cured by the end of the full calendar month following the
delivery of the Type One Notice (“Type One Cure Period”); and
8.3.1.3 the Party who delivers the Type One Notice gives notice to the other Parties of its intention to exercise its right to end the
Non-Competition Period within 30 days of the expiry of the Type One Cure Period.; or
 
8.3.2 within thirty (30) days of the end of the Type Two Cure Period (defined below) where:
8.3.2.1 Skype or Online BVI has delivered a notice (“Type Two Notice”) to (i) the Company and Online BVI (in the case of Skype),
or (ii) the Company and Skype (in the case of Online BVI), in the event that, either:
 
 
(A) in any calendar quarter (measured as of the last day of the applicable calendar quarter) during the Non-Competition Period
(“Quarter”), the total number of Customers utilizing the Company-Skype Branded Application does not increase at a
growth rate (i.e., the number of new registered users as of the last day of the Quarter divided by the total number of
registered users on the first day of the same Quarter ) that is equal to or better than 50% of the growth rate of the number
of Skype customers using the non-co-branded versions of the Skype Software for the same period (determined by
excluding from the denominator and the numerator any Skype customers obtained by Skype by corporate merger or
acquisition of another VOIP business, and through any other co-branding relationships); or
 
 
(B) in any two consecutive calendar quarters (measured as of the last day of each applicable calendar quarter) during the Non-
Competition Period (“Consecutive Quarters”), the total number of Customers utilizing the Company-Skype Branded
Application does not increase at a growth rate in either one of the Consecutive Quarters (i.e., the number of new registered
users as of the last day of each of the Consecutive Quarters divided by the total number of registered users on the first
day of the same quarter) that is equal to or better than 70% of the growth rate of the number of Skype customers using the
non-co-branded versions of the Skype Software in the same two quarter period (determined by excluding from the
denominator and the numerator any Skype customers obtained by Skype by corporate merger or acquisition of another
VOIP business, and through any other co-branding customers),
provided that where there is any period ( “Affected Period”) during a Quarter (in the case of Section 8.3.2.1(A)) or any one of the Consecutive
Quarters (in the case of Section 8.3.2.1(B)) in which there is any act or embargo of governmental, quasi-governmental or regulatory authorities or
any regulations or restrictions imposed, whether by such authorities, by law or by court action ( “Regulatory Event”), directly or indirectly affecting
the performance by any Party of any obligation hereunder or otherwise affecting the number of Customers utilizing the Company-Skype Branded
Application and a notice of such Regulatory Event has been given by a Party to the other Parties, the Quarter and/or Consecutive Quarters (as the
case may be) for calculating any growth rate under  Section 8.3.2.1(A) and/or Section 8.3.2.1(B) (as the case may be) shall be deemed to commence
on the first day of the full calendar month immediately after the end of the Affected Period (provided that where a Regulatory Event continues for
more than three months, the Affected Period in respect of such Regulatory Event shall be deemed to have ended at the end of the third month
following the delivery of notice of such Regulatory Event by the applicable Party and the applicable Party shall not be entitled to deliver another
notice for such Regulatory Event which was so deemed to have ended) and any period between the end of the previous Quarter and/or
Consecutive Quarters (as the case may be) and the start of the Affected Period shall be disregarded for the purposes of calculating the growth rate
under Section 8.3.2.1(A) and Section 8.3.2.1(B); and
 
21
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/20068.3.2.2 the growth rate specified in Section 8.3.2.1(A) or Section 8.3.2.1(B) (as the case may be) has not been met when calculated
for the applicable Quarter or Consecutive Quarters (as the case may be), and the required growth rate fails to have been met when calculated for the
period beginning on the first day of the applicable Quarter or Consecutive Quarters (as the case may be) specified in the Type Two Notice (as the
Quarter or Consecutive Quarters in which the relevant growth rate was not met) and ending on the last day of the full calendar month immediately
following the date of delivery of the Type Two Notice (or where such calendar month is affected by a Regulatory Event, the last day of the full
calendar month immediately after the end of the Affected Period) (such cure period shall be referred to herein as “ Type Two Cure Period”); and
8.3.2.3 the Party who delivers the Type Two Notice gives notice to the other Parties of its intention to exercise its right to end the
Non-Competition Period within 30 days of the expiry of the Type Two Cure Period.
9. LICENSES 
9.1 The Group shall, and Online BVI shall cause the Group to, use its reasonable endeavours to obtain from the applicable PRC regulatory
authorities such licenses as are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses in the PRC ( “Operating Licenses”).
9.2 The parties to this Agreement agree that, during the Term and prior to the obtaining by the Group of the Operating Licenses, the Online
Group will act as agent for the Group in carrying out such distribution of the Company-Skype Branded Application or other activities as are
restricted under PRC laws and regulations to holders of the relevant licenses which activities are represented by the Online Group to be permitted
under the licenses held by the Online Group.
10. DEPENDENCY 
10.1 In the event that a Tom Party, a Skype Party, the Company or any other member of the Group (“Affected Party”) is prevented from
performing an obligation or undertaking or complying with any provision under this Agreement as a direct result of a breach of any of the terms of
this Agreement or the Deed (“Breach”) by:
 
  10.1.1 in the case of a Tom Party, a Skype Party;
 
  10.1.2 in the case of a Skype Party, a Tom Party; and
 
  10.1.3 in the case of the Company or any member of the Group, a Skype Party or a Tom Party,
and the Affected Party provides written notice to the breaching party detailing the Breach and requiring the breaching party to cure the Breach
within thirty (30) days of the date of the notice, the Affected Party shall not be obligated to perform the relevant obligation or undertaking affected
by the Breach so long as such Breach continues uncured where such non-performance or non-compliance would be deemed a material breach of
this Agreement or the Deed, and shall not be liable for such material breach. For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding by any Party of consent
as a Shareholder under the Deed, as such consent may be required in the Deed from time to time (including, without limitation, pursuant to clause 6
thereof), shall not be deemed a Breach.
 
22
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/200611. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
11.1 Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that by reason of its relationship to the other parties to this Agreement it will
have access to and acquire knowledge from, material, data, systems and other information concerning the operation, business, financial affairs,
products, customers and intellectual property of the other parties to this Agreement that may not be accessible or known to the general public,
including, but not limited to the terms of this Agreement ( “Confidential Information”). The parties to this Agreement agree that Confidential
Information shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the disclosing party ( “Disclosing Party”), and the receiving party (“Receiving Party”)
agrees to maintain the Confidential Information in strict confidence and to use Confidential Information solely for the purposes set forth in this
Agreement. The parties to this Agreement further acknowledge and agree for the purposes of this  Section 11, Confidential Information shall be
deemed to include all Skype Intellectual Property and all Online BVI Intellectual Property, as applicable.
11.2 The Receiving Party agrees: (i) that it will maintain and preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential Information, including, but without
limitation, taking such steps to protect and preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential Information as it takes to preserve and protect the
confidentiality of its own confidential information; (ii) that it will disclose such Confidential Information only to its own Affiliates and employees on
a “need-to-know” basis only, and only to those Affiliates and employees who have entered into a confidentiality agreement, the obligations of
which are at least as stringent as those contained in this  Section 11; (iii) that if software is involved, it will not disassemble, “reverse engineer,”
“reverse compile” or analyze the inputs and outputs of any software or hardware provided under this Agreement for any purpose, including but
not limited to, attempting to ascertain or deduce the functionality or workings of the software or hardware; and (iv) that it will not disclose such
Confidential Information to any third party (including subcontractors and consultants) without the express written consent of the Disclosing Party,
provided, however, that the Receiving Party may disclose the financial terms of this Agreement and/or any Statement of Work to its legal and
business advisors and to potential investors, so long as such third parties have entered into a confidentiality agreement with the Receiving Party,
the obligations of which are at least as stringent as those contained in this  Section 11.
11.3 The Receiving Party agrees (i) not to alter or remove any identification of any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary rights notice
which indicates the ownership of any part of the Confidential Information, and (ii) to notify the Disclosing Party of the circumstances surrounding
any possession, use or knowledge of the Confidential Information by any Person other than those authorized by this Agreement.
11.4 Confidential Information shall exclude any information that (i) has been or is obtained by the Receiving Party from a source independent
of the Disclosing Party and not receiving such information from the Disclosing Party, (ii) is or becomes generally available to the public other than
as a result of an unauthorized disclosure by the Disclosing Party or its personnel, (iii) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reliance in any way on the Confidential Information provided by the Disclosing Party, (iv) the Receiving Party is required to disclose under judicial
order, regulatory requirement, or statutory requirement, provided that the Receiving Party provides written notice and an opportunity for the
Disclosing Party to take any available protective action prior to such disclosure, or (v) is owned by the Disclosing Party pursuant to the terms
hereof or provided on a non-confidential basis under the terms hereof.
 
23
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/200612. DISCLAIMER & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
12.1 Disclaimer of Warranties. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH HEREIN ARE LIMITED WARRANTIES AND ARE THE ONLY
WARRANTIES MADE BY THE RESPECTIVE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM,
AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND ALL OTHER CONDITIONS, TERMS AND UNDERTAKINGS
WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, PERFORMANCE,
QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND SUCH WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, TERMS AND UNDERTAKINGS ARE
EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. EXCEPT AS MAY BE SET FORTH HEREIN, THE SKYPE SOFTWARE IS
LICENSED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN ADDITION, NO PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAKES ANY
REPRESENTATION THAT THE OPERATION OF ITS RESPECTIVE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR WEB SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, AND THAT THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR WEB SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
12.2 Limitation of Liability.
12.2.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR THE WILFUL MISAPPROPRIATION
OR INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES TO
THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13, (A) THE LIABILITY OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, IF ANY, FOR DAMAGES FOR
ANY CLAIM OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY, WITH REGARD TO THE RIGHTS GRANTED
HEREUNDER OR THE SERVICES PERFORMED HEREUNDER, SHALL NOT INCLUDE COMPENSATION, REIMBURSEMENT OR DAMAGES ON
ACCOUNT OF THE LOSS OF PRESENT OR PROSPECTIVE PROFITS, EXPENDITURES, DATA, OPPORTUNITY, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS,
INVESTMENTS OR COMMITMENTS, WHETHER MADE IN ESTABLISHMENT, DEVELOPMENT OR MAINTENANCE OF REPUTATION OR
GOODWILL OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON WHATSOEVER; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO
THE OTHER PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 12.2 SHALL LIMIT A PARTY’S OBLIGATION TO
PAY ANY AMOUNTS DUE AND OWING TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER SECTION 5 ON OR BEFORE ANY DATE OF EXPIRATION OR
TERMINATION HEREOF.
13. INDEMNIFICATION 
13.1 Company Indemnification. Tom Holding unconditionally guarantees the timely performance of all of the obligations of Online BVI, the
Group and the Online Group hereunder, and agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Skype, Skype Holding, their affiliated companies and
Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any loss, claim, cost, expense, liability or damage,
including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs resulting from a third-party claim that directly arises from: (i) a claim that the Group Rights infringe
the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any third party; (ii) a breach of the Online Group’s and the Group’s representations and
warranties hereunder made; (iii) the performance of the Online Group’s and the Group’s obligations hereunder; or (iv) the Online Group’s and the
Group’s, or their respective employees’ negligence, misrepresentations or other tortious, illegal or unauthorized conduct in the promotion of the
Company-Skype Branded Application or any other act or omission arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Such indemnification obligation of
Tom Holding is conditioned upon Skype promptly notifying Tom Holding in writing setting forth with specificity the claim or action to which such
indemnification obligation applies, and reasonable cooperation, information, and assistance in connection therewith. Tom Holding will have the
right to control the defense of each such claim and any lawsuit or proceeding arising therefrom. In no event will Skype settle any such claim or
lawsuit or proceeding arising therefrom without the prior written approval of Tom Holding. In defending against such claim or action, Tom Holding
may (i) contest; (ii) settle; (iii) and in the case of any claim that the Group Rights infringe the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of a
third party, (a) procure for Skype and its customers the right to continue using the Group Rights, as applicable, or (b) modify or replace the Group
Rights, as applicable, so that it they longer infringe.
 
24
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/200613.2 Skype Indemnification. Skype Holding unconditionally guarantees the timely performance of all of the obligations of Skype hereunder,
and agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Online BVI, Tom Holding, the Company and any member of the Online Group and the Group, its
affiliated companies and Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any loss, claim, cost, expense,
liability or damage, including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs resulting from a third-party claim that directly arises from: (i) a claim that the
Skype Rights infringe the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any third party; (ii) a breach of Skype’s representations and warranties
hereunder made; (iii) the performance of its obligations hereunder; or (iv) its or its employees’ negligence, misrepresentations or other tortious,
illegal or unauthorized conduct in the promotion of the Company-Skype Branded Application or any other act or omission arising out of or relating
to this Agreement. Such indemnification obligation of Skype is conditioned upon Tom Holding promptly notifying Skype Holding in writing setting
forth with specificity the claim or action to which such indemnification obligation applies, and reasonable cooperation, information, and assistance
in connection therewith. Skype Holding will have the right to control the defense of each such claim and any lawsuit or proceeding arising
therefrom. In no event will the Online Group or the Group settle any such claim or lawsuit or proceeding arising therefrom without the prior written
approval of Skype Holding. In defending against such claim or action, Skype Holding may (i) contest; (ii) settle; (iii) and in the case of any claim
that the Skype Rights infringe the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of a third party, (a) procure for Online Group and its customers, or
the Group, the right to continue using the Skype Rights, as applicable, or (b) modify or replace the Skype Rights, as applicable, so that it they
longer infringe.
13.3 Guarantor. The guarantees in the foregoing clauses are to be continuing guarantees and accordingly to remain in force until all the
obligations or liabilities of the relevant parties shall have been performed or satisfied in full. Subject to any other provisions of this Agreement, the
guarantees are in addition to and without prejudice to and not in substitution for any rights or security which parties may now or hereafter have or
hold for the performance and observance of the obligations, commitments, undertakings and warranties of the parties under this Agreement.
13.4 Notice; Participation. The party claiming indemnification pursuant to this  Section 13 (“Indemnified Party”) shall promptly notify the
other party (“Indemnifying Party”) of any such claim of which it becomes aware and shall: (i) at the Indemnifying Party’s expense, provide
reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in connection with the defense or settlement of any such claim, and (ii) at the Indemnified Party’s
expense, be entitled to participate in the defense of any such claim.
13.5 Infringement Remedy. If a claim, action, suit or proceeding is brought against the Skype Group under  Section 13.1(i), or against the
Online Group or the Group under Section 13.2(i), resulting from any party’s respective use of the other party’s Intellectual Property, then the
Indemnifying Party may at its own election (and at its own expense) (i) replace substantially equivalent Intellectual Property for the infringing item,
(ii) modify or fix the infringing item so that it no longer infringes but remains functionally equivalent, (iii) obtain for the benefit of the other party the
right to continue using such item in accordance with this Agreement, or (iv) immediately terminate this Agreement. THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS
OF THIS SECTION 13.5 STATE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH
RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
 
25
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/200613.6 Settlement. The Indemnified Party agrees that the Indemnifying Party shall have sole and exclusive control over the defense and
settlement of any such third party claim. However, the Indemnifying Party shall not acquiesce to any judgment or enter into any settlement that
adversely affects the Indemnified Party’s rights or interests without prior written consent of the Indemnified Party.
14. GENERAL 
14.1 Effect of Termination of Deed; References to Company. In the event that, while this Agreement remains in effect, (i) the Deed is
terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, or (ii) the Company is being or has been wound up, liquidated or dissolved, Online BVI shall assume the
rights and obligations of the Company hereunder.
14.2 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard
to conflict of laws principles. Subject to the parties’ rights to seek injunctive relief or other right in equity by any court of competent jurisdiction,
the parties to this Agreement expressly understand and agree that any dispute arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the
courts located in England and Wales and the parties to this Agreement hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue therein.
The foregoing shall not preclude the parties to this Agreement from seeking injunctive relief permitted hereunder in courts with such jurisdiction as
may be needed to grant injunctive relief for protection of that party’s intellectual property rights. Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby
irrevocably appoints the following persons as its agent to receive and acknowledge on its behalf service of any writ, summons, order, judgment or
other notice of legal process in England:
For Online BVI and Tom Holding:
Simmons & Simmons
Citypoint
One Ropemaker Street
London
EC2Y 9SS
United Kingdom
For Skype and Skype Holding:
S Technologies
2nd Floor, 7-11 Lexington Street
London
W1F 9AF
United Kingdom
For the Company:
Simmons & Simmons
Citypoint
One Ropemaker Street
London
EC2Y 9SS
United Kingdom
 
26
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006If for any reason the relevant agent named above (or its successor) refuses to serve or no longer serves as agent of the Company or Online
BVI/Tom Holding or, as the case may be, Skype/Skype Holding for this purpose, the Company or Online BVI/Tom Holding or, as the case may be,
Skype/Skype Holding` shall promptly appoint a successor agent, notify each of the other parties thereof and deliver to each of the other parties a
copy of the new process agent’s acceptance of appointment, provided that until each of the other parties receive such notification, the party or
parties not having received such notification shall be entitled to treat the agent named above (or its said successor) as the agent of such party for
the purposes of this  Section 14.2. Each of the parties to this Agreement agrees that any such legal process shall be sufficiently served on it if
delivered to such agent for service at its address set forth above whether or not such agent gives notice thereof to it.
14.3 Entire Agreement; Termination of Memorandum. This Agreement, including the Exhibits attached hereto, and the Deed, constitute the
entire Agreement and understanding between the parties to this Agreement and integrates and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements or
arrangements between them related to its subject matter. No modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of each party to this Agreement. Upon execution of this Agreement by all parties to this Agreement, the
Memorandum shall be deemed terminated and cancelled. Each party acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement, it does not rely on, has not
relied on, and shall have no remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, warranty or other provision (in any case whether oral or written,
express or implied and whether negligently or innocently made) of any Person (whether a party to this Agreement or not) which is not expressly set
out in this Agreement and the only remedy available in respect of any misrepresentation or untrue statement made to such party shall be a claim for
breach of contract under this Agreement except to the extent that the misrepresentation or untrue statement is repeated in this Agreement in which
case any remedies for misrepresentation shall be unaffected and nothing in this clause shall operate to limit or exclude any liability arising from any
fraudulent or dishonest statement, act or omission.
14.4 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by a party to this Agreement to any other Person without the express written
approval of the other parties to this Agreement and any attempt at assignment in violation of this section shall be null and void. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Skype or Skype Holding may assign this Agreement to a third party without such consent in the event of a merger, reorganization or
sale of all or substantially all of Skype’s or Skype Holding’s assets or voting securities, provided that written notice of such assignment is delivered
to Online BVI and the Company and the assignee assumes all the responsibilities and obligations provided herein.
14.5 Notices. All legal notices required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing addressed to the respective parties to this Agreement
as set forth below and shall either be (i) personally delivered, (ii) transmitted by postage prepaid certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iii)
transmitted by nationally recognized private express courier, and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt if delivered personally,
or three (7) days after deposit in mail or three (3) days if delivered by express courier. A party to this Agreement may change its address for
purposes hereof by written notice to the other in accordance with the provisions of this  Section 14.5. The addresses for the parties to this
Agreement are as set forth in the preamble hereof, with attention in each case to the respective Chief Executive Officer.
14.6 Rights to Injunctive Relief. The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that remedies at law or damages may be inadequate to the other
parties to this Agreement to provide full compensation in the event of a material breach relating to the other parties’ obligations, representations,
and warranties hereunder, and each party to this Agreement shall therefore be entitled to seek injunctive relief or specific performance in the event
of any actual or threatened material breach by a party to this Agreement.
 
27
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/200614.7 Waiver. The waiver, express or implied, by a party to this Agreement of any breach of this Agreement by another party to this Agreement
will not waive any subsequent breach by such party of the same or a different kind. A failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, remedy or
power provided under this Agreement or by law does not constitute a waiver of the right, remedy or power or a waiver of any other right, remedy or
power. No single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or power prevents any further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right, remedy or
power. Except where this Agreement provides otherwise, the rights, remedies and powers provided by this Agreement are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights, remedies or powers provided by law.
14.8 Headings. The headings to the Sections and Exhibits of this Agreement are included merely for convenience of reference and shall not
affect the meaning of the language included therein.
14.9 Independent Contractors . The parties to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that they are dealing with each other hereunder as
independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be interpreted as constituting any party the joint venturer, employee or partner
of the other party or as conferring upon any party the power of authority to bind another party in any transaction with third parties.
14.10 Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and the other provisions of this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect.
14.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. For purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of this Agreement, including the signature pages
hereto, shall be deemed to be an original. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties to this Agreement shall deliver original execution copies of
this Agreement to one another as soon as practicable following execution thereof.
14.12 Attorney’s Fees . Should a party hereto initiate a legal or administrative action or proceeding (“Action”) to enforce any of the terms or
conditions of this Agreement, the prevailing party (as determined by the court or other fact-finder) shall (to the extent permitted by English law) be
entitled to recover from the losing party or parties all reasonable costs of the Action, including without limitation attorneys’ fees and costs.
14.13 Further Assurances . Each Party shall promptly execute and deliver all such documents, and do all such things, as the other Party may
from time to time reasonably require for the purpose of giving full effect to the provisions of this Agreement.
14.14 Governing Language. This Agreement is in the English language only, and all communications between the parties relative to this
Agreement shall be conducted in the English language only.
14.15 Survival. Sections 1, 4.2 (but not 4.2.3.2.4), 5.4, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 7, 11, 12, 13, and 14 and the obligation to pay any amount accrued but not yet
paid shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.
14.16 The parties agree that the provisions of this Agreement are personal to them and are not intended to confer any rights of enforcement
on any third party. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to this Agreement or to any of its provisions.
 
28
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
 
SKYPE COMMUNICATIONS, S.A.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
SKYPE TECHNOLOGIES , S.A.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TOM ONLINE (BVI) LIMITED
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TOM ONLINE INC.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TEL-ONLINE LIMITED
By:  
Its:  Director
 
29
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006EXHIBIT A
FORM OF STATEMENT OF WORK
 
1. Introduction:
The following is Statement of Work No.   (“Statement of Work”), made as of    , 200 , to the Co-Branding Agreement (“Agreement”) executed on
August 22, 2005, by and among (a) Skype Communications, S.A., a Luxembourg limited company (société anonyme ) (“Skype”), with its principal
place of business at 6 rue Adophe Fischer, L-1520 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, (b) Skype Technologies, S.A., a Luxembourg limited company (société
anonyme) (“Skype Holding”), with its principal place of business at 6 rue Adolphe Fischer, L-1520 Luxembourg; (c) Tom Online (BVI) Limited, a
company formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“Online BVI”), whose correspondence address is at 8 th Floor, Tower W3, Oriental
Plaza No.1 Dong Changan Avenue, Dong Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC; (d) Tom Online Inc., a Cayman Islands corporation (“Tom Holding”),
a company listed on GEM Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and NASDAQ, with its correspondence address at 8 th Floor, Tower W3,
Oriental Plaza No.1 Dong Changan Avenue, Dong Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC; and Tel-Online Limited, a company formed under the laws of
the Cayman Islands (“Company”), whose correspondence address is at 8 th Floor, Tower W3, Oriental Plaza No.1 Dong Changan Avenue, Dong
Chang District, Beijing 100738, PRC. Except as specifically stated herein, each capitalized term used in this Statement shall have the same meaning
as is assigned to it in the Agreement. The effective date (“ Effective Date”) of this Statement is  ,  , 200 .
 
2. General Description of Services:
[TO BE ADDED]
 
3. Deliverables:
[TO BE ADDED]
 
4. Completion Dates:
[TO BE ADDED]
 
5. Fees:
[TO BE ADDED]
 
6. Term:
[TO BE ADDED]
 
7. Contributor’s Agreement:
The Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, require any employee or independent contractor who works on or provides materials
or services pursuant to Paragraph 3 above to execute a Contributor’s Agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Skype. Upon Skype’s request,
the Company will, and Online BVI will cause the Company to, provide Skype copies of all executed Contributor’s Agreements.
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006Online BVI and the Company agree that the Project Manager listed below as Company Project Manager has full authority to direct and provide
feedback relating to the Services described in this Statement. Any party may change its Project Manager from time to time, upon notice to the other
parties and subject to the qualifications set forth in the preceding sentence.
 
Company Project Manager:   Skype Project Manager:
____________________________________________________   ____________________________________________________
____________________________________________________   ____________________________________________________
Phone:_______________________________________________   Phone: _______________________________________________
Fax: ________________________________________________   Fax: ________________________________________________
E-mail: ______________________________________________   E-mail: ______________________________________________
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have agreed to this Statement of Work as of the Effective Date written above.
 
SKYPE COMMUNICATIONS, S.A.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
SKYPE TECHNOLOGIES , S.A.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TOM ONLINE (BVI) LIMITED
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TOM ONLINE INC.
By:  
Its:  Chief Executive Officer
TEL-ONLINE LIMITED
By:  
Its:  Director
Source: TOM ONLINE INC, 20-F, 5/1/2006[LOGO]
AMENDMENT TO SECTION 2, PART B OF THE CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This amendment to Section 2 (titled "Term"), Part B of the Co-Branding
Agreement is made effective December 9, 1996 by and between PC Quote, Inc.
(hereinafter referred to as "PCQ") and A.B. Watley, Inc. (hereinafter
referred to as "ABW"), who are also the parties contracted in the
aforementioned Co-Branding Agreement. This Amendment shall apply to said PCQ
and ABW and all of their subsidiaries and related companies.
[***]
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999AGREED TO BY:
/s/ Steven Malin /s/ Howard Meltzer
- -------------------------- ---------------------------------
A.B. Watley, Inc. PC Quote, Inc.
Mr. Steven Malin Mr. Howard Meltzer
Director President
Date:  12/5/96 Date:   12/12/96
     -------------- ----------------
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999Exhibit 10.10
CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED WITH RESPECT
TO THE OMITTED PORTIONS.
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
      This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement"), dated as of June 8, 1999,
is made by and between Snap Technologies, Inc.  a California corporation having
its principal place of business at 111 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107
("Snap"), and, United Airlines, Inc. , a Delaware corporation having its
principal place of business at 1200 E. Algonquin Road, Elk Grove Township, IL
60007 ("Sponsor").
                                    RECITALS
      A.    Snap provides access to applications and other information and
content regarding selecting and applying to and attending colleges and graduate
and professional degree programs to end users via the World Wide Web; and
      B.    Sponsor wishes to obtain sponsorship placement on Snap's web site
and access to certain information pertaining to Snap's end users.
                                    AGREEMENT
      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS
      Wherever used in this Agreement with initial terms capitalized, the
following terms shall have the following defined meanings:
      "CO-BRANDED PAGES" means pages of the Snap Web Site, to be developed
pursuant to Section 2.2  [CO-BRANDED PAGES]  and hosted on the Snap Web Site, that display both the
Snap Brand Features and the Sponsor Brand Features, along with such Sponsor
Content, Snap Content and other content as the parties may agree upon.
      "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" means information of either party (whether of a
technical, business or other nature) which the other party knows or reasonably
should know to be confidential or proprietary information of such party.
      "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" means any patent, copyright, rights in
Trademarks, trade secret rights, moral rights and other intellectual property or
proprietary rights arising under the laws of any jurisdiction.
      "EXCLUSIVE CATEGORY" means those product and/or service categories
identified on Exhibit A.
      "SNAP BRAND FEATURES" means the Snap Marks and Snap's distinct brand
elements that appear from time to time in Snap's properties, ventures and
services worldwide and are protected under U.S. copyright law or for which Snap
has established trademark, service mark or trade dress rights and any
modifications to the foregoing that may be created during the term of this
Agreement.
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 1
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
      "SNAP CONTENT" means any information, materials or content developed by
Snap for use on the Sponsor Web Site.
      "SNAP MARKS" means those Trademarks of Snap set forth on Exhibit B hereto
and such other Trademarks as Snap may from time to time notify Sponsor to be
"Snap Marks" within the meaning of this Agreement.
      "SNAP WEB SITE" means that Web Site, the primary home page for which is
located at URL http://www.collegedge.com (and any successor or replacement
thereof).
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999"SPONSOR CONTENT" means any information, materials or content supplied by
or on behalf of Sponsor, whether directly or indirectly, for use on the
Co-Branded Pages.
      "SPONSOR BRAND FEATURES" means the Sponsor Marks and Sponsor's distinct
brand elements that appear from time to time in Sponsor's properties, ventures
and services worldwide and are protected under U.S. copyright law or for which
Sponsor has established trademark, service mark or trade dress rights and any
modifications to the foregoing that may be created during the term of this
Agreement.
      "SPONSOR MARKS" means those Trademarks of Sponsor set forth on Exhibit B
hereto and such other Trademarks (if any) as Sponsor may from time to time
notify Snap in writing to be "Sponsor Marks" within the meaning of this
Agreement.
      "SPONSOR WEB SITE" means that Web Site, the primary home page for which is
located at URL http://www.ual.com and any successor or replacement thereof.
      "TERM" means the term of this Agreement as provided in Section 4.1  [TERM].
      "TRADEMARKS" means any trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade
names, corporate names, proprietary logos or indicia and other source or
business identifiers.
      "WEB SITE" means, with respect to any person or entity, all points of
presence and/or services maintained by such person or entity on the Internet
(including, without limitation, the World Wide Web) or on any successor public
data network. With respect to any Web Site maintained on the World Wide Web,
such Web Site includes all HTML pages (or similar unit of information presented
in any relevant data protocol) that either (a) are identified by the same
second-level domain (such as .com) or by the same equivalent level identifier in
any relevant address scheme, or (b) contain branding, graphics, navigation or
other characteristics such that a user reasonably would conclude that the pages
are part of an integrated information or service offering.
SECTION 2.  CONTENT, CO-BRANDING AND LICENSES
      2.1   CREATION OF CONTENT. Following the execution of this Agreement, Snap
and Sponsor will work in good faith to develop the content specified in Exhibit
C. All content to be included on the Co-Branded Pages shall be required to
comply with Snap's generally applicable content and technical guidelines.
      2.2   CO-BRANDED PAGES. Following the execution of this Agreement, Snap
and Sponsor will work in good faith to develop the Co-Branded Pages which may
include all or part of the
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 2
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
Sponsor Content and/or the Snap Content. The Co-Branded Pages will have the
specifications set forth on Exhibit C. The Co-Branded Pages shall be required to
comply with Snap's generally applicable content and technical guidelines.
Sponsor will supply Sponsor Content and Sponsor Brand Features as agreed upon by
the parties for inclusion in the Co-Branded Pages. Following the development
thereof, Snap shall use commercially reasonable efforts to post and maintain the
Co-Branded Pages on the Snap Web Site. Snap may from time to time, in
consultation with Sponsor, update and modify the Co-Branded Pages but may not
change Sponsor content or Sponsor Brand Features, or do anything else with them,
without Sponsor's prior written consent.
      2.3   LICENSES.
            2.3.1  Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE] , Sponsor hereby grants Snap a
non-exclusive, revocable nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to:
(a) use, reproduce, publish, perform and display the Sponsor Marks and
Sponsor Brand Features on the Co-Branded Pages; (b) link to the Sponsor Web
Site from the Co-Branded Pages and/or the Snap Web Site that contains the
Co-Branded Pages and (c) use, reproduce, publish, perform, and display the
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999Sponsor Content in and on the Co-Branded Pages. All goodwill arising out of
Snap's use of any of the Sponsor Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of
Sponsor.
            2.3.2  Subject to Section 2.4  [APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE] , Snap hereby grants Sponsor a
non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to (a) use,
reproduce, publish, perform and display the Snap Marks and Snap Brand
Features on the Sponsor Web Site in connection with the logo link
contemplated by Section 2.l, and in connection with its promotional and
marketing activities contemplated by Section 2.5  [PROMOTION OF SNAP SERVICES]  and (b) use, reproduce,
publish, perform and display the Snap Content on the Sponsor Web Site or
other Sponsor properties as mutually agreed by the parties. All goodwill
arising out of Sponsor's use of any of the Snap's Marks shall inure solely to
the benefit of Snap.
      2.4   APPROVAL OF TRADEMARK USAGE. Snap shall not use or exploit in any
manner any of the Sponsor Marks or Sponsor Brand Features, and Sponsor shall not
use or exploit in any manner any of the Snap Marks or Snap Brand Features,
except in such manner and media as may be specified in the other party's
trademark usage and branding guidelines or as the other party may consent to in
writing. Either party may revise such guidelines or revoke or modify any such
consent upon written notice to the other party.
      2.5   PROMOTION OF SNAP SERVICES. Commencing upon the date of this
Agreement and thereafter throughout the Term Sponsor will use its commercially
reasonable efforts (subject to the terms of this Agreement) to generally promote
and market Snap and the Snap Web Site. In addition, Sponsor will perform those
specific promotional and marketing services specified on Exhibit D.
      2.6   EXCLUSIVE SPONSORSHIP. During the Term, Snap will not grant any
third party any right to sponsor any products or services in the Exclusive
Category on or through the Snap Web Site. For the avoidance of doubt, the
parties acknowledge that the foregoing restriction applies only to persistent
sponsorship placement as judged by Sponsor at its discretion, and not to
run-of-site banner advertisements or other rotating promotional placements.
      2.7   SNAP USER DATA. Snap will distribute marketing messages on behalf of
Sponsor to Snap's end users via electronic mail and other methods of
communication as mutually agreed by the parties. Furthermore, Snap will make
available to Sponsor necessary end user data as reasonably
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 3
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
appropriate for marketing purposes, including, without limitation,
pre-populating end user data into online frequent flier account applications.
Sponsor acknowledges that all such end user data that is generated by Snap is
valuable proprietary information of Snap and Sponsor agrees that any use of such
end user data will limited solely to use for purposes of delivering superior
travel values to Snap end users and for no other purpose. Furthermore, Sponsor
acknowledges that any use of Snap end user data shall be limited to the extent
allowed by and subject to Snap's agreement with such end users; provided,
however, that Snap represents and warrants that such agreements with its end
users will not increase Sponsor's duties or decrease its rights, nor reduce
Snaps obligation to Sponsor hereunder without Sponsor's prior written
permission.
SECTION 3.  COMPENSATION AND REPORTING
      3.1   UP-FRONT PAYMENT. Upon execution of this Agreement, Sponsor will pay
Snap the amounts set forth on Exhibit A as the "Up-Front Fee" in consideration
of Snap's development and integration of travel-related content for use on the
Co-Branded Pages and/or the Sponsor Web Site.
      3.2   QUARTERLY FEE PAYMENTS. Sponsor will pay Snap the quarterly fees as
set forth below on Exhibit A hereto.
      3.3   LAUNCH OF TRAVEL CO-BRANDED PAGES. After execution of this
Agreement, the parties shall work together cooperatively to determine a mutually
agreeable timeline for the launch of the Co-Branded Pages. If the parties
determine that an adjustment to the timing of quarterly payments hereunder is
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999appropriate, the parties may amend the quarterly payment schedule set forth on
Exhibit A hereto with a written amendment signed by both parties.
SECTION 4.  TERM AND TERMINATION
      4.1   TERM. The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and,
unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of
December 31, 2000.
      4.2   TERMINATION. Either party may terminate the Term upon not less
than sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party of any breach
hereof by such other party. In addition, either party may terminate the Term
immediately upon written notice in the event that the other party shall fail
to do business in the normal course or become subject to any bankruptcy,
assignment for creditors, corporate dissolution or similar proceeding.
      4.3   EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon termination or expiration of the Term
for any reason, all rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement
shall be extinguished, except that: (a) the rights and obligations of the
parties under Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement, along with all accrued
payment obligations of Sponsor (i.e. the up-front payment referenced in Section
3.1  [UP-FRONT PAYMENT]  and set forth in Exhibit A hereof), shall survive any termination or
expiration of the Term.
      4.4   RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. In the event of termination or expiration
of this Agreement for other than a material breach of this Agreement by
Sponsor, upon notice from Sponsor delivered to Snap at least forty-five (45)
days prior to such expiration or termination, Snap shall negotiate in good
faith an agreement providing Sponsor with sponsorship rights similar to those
described herein on terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon by the
parties. In the event that an agreement
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 4
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
between the parties is not executed within thirty (30) days following
delivery, of such notice to Snap, Snap shall be free thereafter to enter into
an such an agreement with any third party.
SECTION 5.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY
      5.1   SNAP REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Snap represents and warrants to
Sponsor that:
            (a)   it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement;
            (b)   the execution, delivery and performance by Snap of this
Agreement will not violate any law, statute or other governmental regulation,
and will not violate any other agreement or instrument to which Snap is a party;
and
            (c)   the use of the Snap Content will not violate or infringe any
Intellectual Property Right or other right of any third party.
      5.2   SPONSOR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Sponsor represents and
warrants to Snap that:
            (a)   it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement;
            (b)   neither the execution, delivery and performance by Sponsor of
this Agreement, nor the performance of ticketing services by Sponsor, in
connection with the Co-Branded Pages, will violate any law, statute or other
governmental regulation or any other agreement or instrument to which Sponsor is
a party; and
      (c)   the use of the Sponsor Content will not violate or infringe any
Intellectual Property Right or other right of any third party.
SECTION 6.  EXCLUSIONS; NO LIABILITY
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/19996.1   WARRANTIES EXCLUDED. NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE
FOREGOING: (A) SNAP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE
SNAP WEB SITE, SNAP BRAND FEATURES OR ANY OTHER ITEMS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY
SNAP, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING BY USAGE OF
TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT; (B) SPONSOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SNAP WEB SITE (INCLUDING ANY
SERVERS OR OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER ITEMS USED OR PROVIDED BY SNAP
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SNAP WEB SITE) AND SNAP BRAND FEATURES ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" AND THAT SNAP MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SNAP WEB SITE WILL BE FREE FROM
BUGS, FAULTS, DEFECTS OR ERRORS OR THAT ACCESS TO THE SNAP WEB SITE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED; (C) SPONSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT
TO THE SPONSOR WEB SITE,
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 5
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
SPONSOR BRAND FEATURES OR ANY OTHER ITEMS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY SPONSOR,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE,
COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (D) SNAP ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SPONSOR WEB SITE (INCLUDING
ANY SERVERS OR OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER ITEMS USED OR PROVIDED BY
SPONSOR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SPONSOR WEB SITE) AND SPONSOR BRAND FEATURES ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THAT SPONSOR MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SPONSOR WEB SITE
WILL BE FREE FROM BUGS, FAULTS, DEFECTS OR ERRORS OR THAT ACCESS TO THE SPONSOR
WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED.
      6.2   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR,
AND EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES AND DISCLAIMS, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF
ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, RELATING TO
ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, IN EACH CASE, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY BREACH HEREOF) OR ANY OF THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
SECTION 7.  OWNERSHIP
      7.1   SPONSOR. As between the parties, Sponsor retains all right, title
and interest in and to the Sponsor Web Site, the Sponsor Content and the Sponsor
Marks and other Sponsor Brand Features, along with all Intellectual Property
Rights associated with any of the foregoing.
      7.2   SNAP. As between the parties, Snap retains all right, title and
interest in and to: (a) the Snap Content, Snap Web Site (including, without
limitation, any and all Snap Web Site content (other than the Sponsor Content),
Sponsor generated data, URLs, domain names, technology, hardware, software,
code, know-how, techniques, algorithms, processes, user interfaces, "look and
feel", Trademarks and any other items posted thereon or used in connection or
associated therewith) and the Snap Marks and other Snap Brand Features, along
with all Intellectual Property Rights associated with any of the foregoing.
      7.3   OTHER TRADEMARKS. Snap shall not register or attempt to register any
of the Sponsor Marks or any Trademarks which Sponsor reasonably deems to be
confusingly similar to any of the Sponsor Marks. Sponsor shall not register or
attempt to register any of the Snap Marks or any Trademarks which Snap
reasonably deems to be confusingly similar to any of the Snap Marks.
      7.4   FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall take, at the other party's
expense, such action (including, without limitation, execution of affidavits or
other documents) as the other party may reasonably request to effect, perfect or
confirm such other party's ownership interests and other rights as set forth
above in this Section 7.
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 6
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
SECTION 8.  GENERAL PROVISIONS
      8.1   CONFIDENTIALITY. During the Term, and for a period of five (5) years
thereafter, the receiving party will not disclose to others or use for any
purpose of its own, other than in performance of this Agreement, any
Confidential Information of the other party. Each party shall take, at a
minimum, measures consistent with those taken to protect its own similar types
of Confidential Information (and in any event, at least reasonable measures) to
protect the other's Confidential Information against disclosures prohibited by
this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that its breach of the provisions of
this Section 8.1  [CONFIDENTIALITY] will result in immediate and irreparable harm to the other and
that money damages alone would be inadequate to compensate such party.
Therefore, in the event of a breach of this Section 8.1  [CONFIDENTIALITY] by either party the
other party may, in addition to other remedies, immediately obtain and enforce
injunctive relief prohibiting the breach or threatened breach or compelling
specific performance. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
restrictions set forth in this Section 8.1  [CONFIDENTIALITY] shall not apply to any information
that: (i) is in or enters the public domain through no fault of the receiving
party; (ii) is disclosed to the receiving party by a third party legally
entitled to make such disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the
receiving party without reference to any Confidential Information of the other
party; or (iv) is required to be disclosed by applicable law, regulation or
order of any governmental authority; provided, that in such event, the receiving
party shall provide the disclosing party with prior notice that is reasonable in
the circumstances of such disclosure and shall use reasonable efforts to
cooperate with the disclosing party to minimize the extent and scope of such
disclosure.
      8.2   INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. Sponsor and Snap are independent
contractors under this Agreement, and nothing herein shall be construed to
create a partnership, joint venture, franchise or agency relationship between
Sponsor and Snap. Neither party has any authority to enter into agreements of
any kind on behalf of the other party.
      8.3   ASSIGNMENT. Neither party may assign this Agreement or any of its
rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld; except that
either party may, without the other party's consent, assign this Agreement or
any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement: (a) to any
corporate affiliate of such party; or (b) to any purchaser of all or
substantially all of such party's assets or to any successor by way of merger,
consolidation or similar transaction. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
will be binding upon, enforceable by, and inure to the benefit of the parties
and their respective successors and assigns.
      8.4   CHOICE OF LAW; FORUM SELECTION. This Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without
reference to its choice of law rules. Sponsor hereby irrevocably consents to
personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in San
Francisco, California with respect to any actions, claims or proceedings arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement.
      8.5   NONWAIVER. No waiver of any breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent or subsequent
breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be
effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of
the waiving party.
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 7
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
      8.6   FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party shall be deemed to be in default of or
to have breached any provision of this Agreement as a result of any delay,
failure in performance or interruption of service, resulting directly or
indirectly from acts of God, acts of civil or military authorities, civil
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999disturbances, wars, strikes or other labor disputes, fires, transportation
contingencies, interruptions in telecommunications or Internet services or
network provider services, other catastrophes or any other occurrences which are
beyond such party's reasonable control.
      8.7   NOTICES. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to
be given hereunder shall be given in writing and delivered by first class U.S.
mail, in person, or mailed via confirmed facsimile or e-mail, or delivered by
courier service, properly addressed and stamped with the required postage, to
the person signing this agreement on behalf of the applicable party at its
address specified above and shall be deemed effective upon receipt. Either party
may from time to time change the person to receive notices or its address by
giving the other party notice of the change in accordance with this section:
      8.8   INTEGRATION. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the
parties hereto with respect to the transactions and matters contemplated hereby,
supersedes all previous agreements or negotiations between Snap and Sponsor
concerning the subject matter hereof, and cannot be amended except by a writing
signed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by
any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that
provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that
this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the date set forth above.
SNAP:                                  SPONSOR:
Snap Technologies                      United Airlines, Inc.
By:  /s/ Howard Berman                 By:  /s/ [*]
   ----------------------------------     --------------------------------------
Name:    Howard Berman                 Name:    [*]
     --------------------------------       ------------------------------------
Title:   Chief Operating Officer       Title:   Director Electronic Distribution
      -------------------------------        -----------------------------------
Date:    June 8, 1999                  Date:    June 8, 1999
     --------------------------------       ------------------------------------
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 8
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
                                    EXHIBIT A
                            PAYMENTS AND EXCLUSIVITY
      1.    The Exclusive Category is "PROVIDERS OF TRAVEL SERVICE".
      2.    The up-front payment called for by Section 3.1 will be [*].
      3.    Sponsor shall pay the following non-accrued obligation quarterly
fees on or prior to the following dates:
                                                    
            June 30, 1999                              [*]
            September 30, 1999                         [*]
            December 31, 1999                          [*]
            March 31, 2000                             [*]
            June 30, 2000                              [*]
            September 30, 2000                         [*]
            December 31, 2000                          [*]
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                     PAGE 9
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999EXHIBIT B
                                   TRADEMARKS
      The following Trademarks of Sponsor as well as additional Trademarks of
Sponsor added at a later date related to the development of the United Student
Travel Center are "Sponsor Marks" as that term is used in this Agreement.
      United Airlines logos (forthcoming)
      CollegePlus logo (forthcoming)
      The following Trademarks of Snap are "Snap Marks" as that term is used in
this Agreement:
[LOGO]
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                    PAGE 10
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
                                    EXHIBIT C
                 SPECIFICATIONS OF CONTENT AND CO-BRANDED PAGES
      SNAP CONTENT
      The following content shall be developed by Snap (with input from Sponsor)
and provided to Sponsor for inclusion on the Sponsor Web Site:
- -   Travel related content on the "Going to School" section of the Snap site
    for students seeking to enter college, graduate school, professional
    schools or ESL programs. This content shall include but not be limited to
    informational articles on how to pack for travel, frequent flyer programs,
    and travel tips, etc. Content ideas or articles may be provided by Sponsor
    or by Snap. Snap will edit or write these articles as necessary to fit the
    overall tone of the site.
- -   As other areas of the Snap site are developed that may pertain to travel,
    Sponsor and Snap will look to develop travel related content in a similar
    fashion as above.
- -   Snap agrees to include Sponsor specials and e-fare related information in
    Snap's monthly newsletter to Snap's registered users. The input will be
    provided by Sponsor but may be adjusted by Snap to fit the overall tone of
    the newsletter. The Sponsor's input to the newsletter may include buttons
    or links back to the Sponsor's booking engine or its E-Fares-Registered
    Trademark- so that users may, for example, actually book tickets or sign-up
    for weekly E-Fare-Registered Trademark- notifications.
    SPONSOR CONTENT
      The following content shall be developed by Sponsor (with input from Snap)
and provided to Snap for inclusion on the Co-Branded Pages:
- -   The Sponsor shall develop a student travel site that will include a
    booking engine and E-Fares-Registered Trademark- engine. Snap users may link
    to this site through the Snap store or through any other relevant pages on
    the Snap site. Users who connect from the Snap site will be linked to or
    from the Co-branded or Snap pages by a logo link containing the Snap Brand
    Features to be supplied by Snap which links back to the Snap web site. This
    logo link will be placed in a mutually acceptable "above the fold" location
    on the Sponsor site (based on a 640x450 pixels screen).
- -   Sponsor agrees that users who connect from the Snap site shall be at least
    one click away from any page which mentions the CollegePlus or MileagePlus
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/1999First Card credit card.
- -   Sponsor will work with Snap to develop content ideas and articles for the
    "Going to School" and other areas on the Snap site as outlined above.
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                    PAGE 11
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
                                    EXHIBIT D
                         SPONSOR PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
      Sponsor and Snap shall work together to create mutually acceptable content
for inclusion on the "Going to School" section of the Snap Web Site.
      On each page of the Sponsor Web Site linked to or from the Co-Branded
Pages or containing any Snap Content, Sponsor shall include, in a mutually
acceptable "above-the-fold" location (based on a 640x480 pixels screen), a logo
link containing the Snap Brand Features, to be supplied by Snap, which links
back to the Snap Web Site.
      Sponsor shall make available to Snap [*] of advertising placements
(based on Sponsor's standard prices for the same or similar advertising) during
each the calendar years 1999 and 2000 in marketing vehicles owned or controlled
by Sponsor as reasonably requested by Snap for the purpose of marketing the
Co-Branded Pages and the services provided on such pages. The parties
acknowledge that Snap has elected to use HEMISPHERES magazine as the initial
marketing vehicle. Snap acknowledges that marketing pieces included in Sponsor's
marketing vehicles must be reasonably consistent with the overall message
delivered by such vehicle.
      Sponsor shall develop a its new proprietary product category to be offered
through the Co-Branded Pages that shall represent a college-oriented electronic
fare based on Sponsor's E-Fare-Registered Trademark- product. It is the parties'
expectations that the investment required of Sponsor to deliver this new product
category to the relationship described in this Agreement shall be
approximately [*].
      Sponsor shall make available to Snap [*] worth of travel on Sponsor's
airline ([*] in calendar 1999 and [*] in calendar 2000) to be given away by
Snap through a sweepstakes process as a promotional tool. Snap shall be free
to elect to give away domestic or international travel in its sole election
and will be credited [*] per domestic roundtrip ticket given away and [*] per
international roundtrip ticket given away. In the event that the parties
mutually determine that the sweepstakes form of promotion is a valuable
marketing tool, the parties may agree to make additional tickets available to
be given away.
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT                                                    PAGE 12
                                                               SNAP CONFIDENTIAL
* Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the
  Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406.
Source: EMBARK COM INC, S-1/A, 10/8/19991
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2
                 E-CENTIVES - EXCITE@HOME CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of the 16th day of February,
2000 ("Effective Date"), by and between the At Home Corporation ("Excite@Home"
or "Excite"), located at 450 Broadway, Redwood City, California 94063, and
e-centives, Inc., ("Application Provider" or "e-centives"), a Delaware
corporation, located at 6903 Rockledge Drive, Suite 1200, Bethesda, MD 20817.
                                    RECITALS
A.   Excite@Home provides the @Home Service, maintains sites on the Internet,
     including http://www.excite.com, and owns and/or manages or labels related
     Web sites worldwide (collectively, the "Excite Network") which, among other
     things, allow its users to search for and access content and other sites on
     the Internet.
B.   Excite@Home also maintains and/or manages certain Web pages which may be
     delivered to users worldwide via email, desktop "channels" or Internet
     "push" technologies (collectively, "Broadcast Pages") and which may
     incorporate content supplied to Excite@Home by third parties for the
     purpose of providing value to Excite@Home users and providing access to the
     content, products and/or services of such third parties.
C.   Application Provider owns or has the right to distribute certain content
     consisting principally of coupons and offers for products and services, and
     maintains a related site on the Internet at http://www.ecentives.com (the
     "Application Provider Site").
D.   Excite@Home and Application Provider wish to distribute Application
     Provider's content through the Excite Network and/or Broadcast Pages,
     establish and maintain related co-branded pages on the Application Provider
     Site, establish links between the Excite Network and the co-branded pages
     on the Application Provider Site, and promote the Application Provider on
     the Excite Network.
Therefore, the parties agree as follows:
1.   DEFINITIONS
     a)   "Co-Branded Application" shall mean an Internet application designed,
          hosted, and managed by Application Provider whose purpose is to allow
          for the customer-specific selection, provision, and dissemination of
          offers (both targeted and untargeted, as hereinafter defined in
          EXHIBIT A) and coupons for products and services offered by
          Application Provider's merchant partners.
     b)   "Excite Content" shall mean all content, information and functionality
          provided by Excite to e-centives, including but not limited to, links
          to
                                       1
   2
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          Community Products, Excite controlled advertising and Excite sourced
          offers, as further defined herein.
     c)   "e-centives Content" shall mean all content, information and
          functionality provided by e-centives through the Co-Branded
          Application, including but not limited to, e-centives controlled
          advertising and e-centives sourced offers, as further defined herein.
     d)   "User(s)" shall mean an end-user customer of the Excite@Home Network
          of web-sites and services.
     e)   "Excite@Home Member(s)" shall mean a User who has registered as a
          member of the Excite@Home Network, regardless of that User's stated
          preference regarding allowing their registration information to be
          shared with third parties.
     f)   "Program Member(s)" shall mean an Excite@Home Member who has:
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000i)   Been provided access to the Co-Branded Application, and
          ii)  Has opted-in to allow all his or her registration information to
               be shared with Application Provider and/or unspecified third
               parties.
          iii) Each Program Member shall be further classified into one of two
               mutually exclusive categories, General Program Member or
               Qualified Program Member, as defined below:
               (1)  "General Program Member(s)" shall mean a Program Member who
                    has not provided "Shopping Category Data" about him or
                    herself, as defined below, and whose URS Data has been
                    provided to e-centives no later than 5 days after the
                    original date the User became an Excite@Home Member.
               (2)  "Qualified Program Member(s)" shall mean a Program Member
                    who has provided "Shopping Category Data" about him or
                    herself, as defined below.
     g)   "User Data" shall mean all information regarding an individual Program
          Member, as further broken into these distinct categories:
          i)   "URS User Data" shall mean those data elements that are captured
               in the Excite@Home primary registration system via the
               Excite@Home Member registration form that is most commonly
               provided to new Excite@Home Members. URS User Data shall at a
               minimum include user-supplied ZIP Code, gender, date of birth,
               deliverable email address, and original Excite@Home registration
               date.
                                       2
   3
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          ii)  "Superset Data" shall mean those data elements, independent of
               any specific purchase transaction, which are requested from all
               Qualified Program Members, irrespective of whether or not this
               information shall be collected in the Co-Branded Application.
               Solely for purposes of illustration, such data might or might not
               include categorical data elements such as Marital Status,
               Income, and Presence of Children in the Household.
          iii) "Shopping Category Data" shall mean the list of specific shopping
               categories that a Qualified Program Member has indicated interest
               in. Shopping Category Data shall be binary in nature (e.g. Yes/No
               selections) and shall be mutually agreed upon. Solely for
               purposes of illustration, such data might or might not include
               categories such as Automobiles, Electronics, or Clothing.
          iv)  "Transactional Data" shall mean data elements descriptive of a
               specific purchase or purchase intent event which is enabled by
               the Co-Branded Application, such as purchase amount, payment
               method, items purchased, items selected but ultimately not
               purchased, etc.
     h)   "Payment-Eligible User Data" shall mean URS User Data from both
          General Program Members and Qualified Program Members, and Shopping
          Category Data and, where available, Superset Data, from Qualified
          Program Members:
          i)   Whose Excite@Home registration data is sent to e-centives for
               account creation,
          ii)  Who do not have an existing account with e-centives (as
               determined by email address) as of the Effective Date, and
          iii) Who, in the case of Qualified Program Members, have provided
               shopping interest category, which data the Co-Branded Application
               shall use to allow or restrict access to Targeted Offers, and
               Co-Branded Application email opt-in selection during either (a)
               Excite@Home Member registration or Excite@Home login or (b) offer
               detail presentment by e-centives, or (c) other registration
               process by e-centives.
2.   CO-BRANDED APPLICATION
     a)   Application Provider will, at its sole expense, develop, host and
          maintain the Co-Branded Application for Excite@Home. The primary
          function of the Co-Branded Application will be to present Users with
          coupons or other offers (both targeted and untargeted, as hereinafter
          defined in EXHIBIT A) for products and services provided by
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000Application Provider's merchant partners with the intent of converting
          said Users into Program
                                       3
   4
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
        Members. The Co-Branded Application will include offers and other
        content and functionality (Excite Content and e-centives Content,
        collectively "Application Content") as further described in EXHIBIT B.
     b) Application Provider will design and create web pages containing the
        Application Content ("Application Pages"). The Application Pages will be
        presented in accordance with guidelines that Excite@Home will provide
        Application Provider, which include, but are not limited to, page
        performance standards and header and other design/user interface
        standards. The Application Pages will prominently feature Excite@Home
        branding and will be presented in a "look and feel" consistent with the
        "look and feel" of the Excite Network. Excite@Home will have final
        approval over all Application Pages. The Application Pages shall be
        developed in accordance, in all material respects, with the requirements
        established by EXHIBIT B.
     c) Application Provider will develop its category/directory structures to
        be similar to those found on the Excite@Home Network and in accordance
        with the requirements established by EXHIBIT B, SECTION 4.
     d) Application Provider will host the Co-Branded Application on its
        Internet servers, but will serve the Co-Branded Application from an
        "excite.com" masked domain name (or such other domain as Excite@Home may
        elect at its sole option) so that Excite@Home can receive the reach and
        page view credit. Application Provider will have sole responsibility for
        providing and maintaining, at its expense, the Application Provider
        Site, the Co-Branded Application, the Application Content (excluding the
        provision of Excite Content), and any updates thereto.
     e) Each Co-Branded Page will include one or more links to the Excite
        Network, as set forth in Section 3(d)  [INTEGRATION WITH EXCITE@HOME SERVICES] . Excite@Home will supply
        Application Provider with the URLs for these links.
     f) Other than updates to the Application Content and to advertising
        displayed on the Application Pages, Application Provider will not change
        the Co-Branded Application without Excite@Home's prior consent, which
        consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Excite@Home will respond to
        change requests within seven (7) days of receipt, and any failure to so
        respond shall be deemed an approval.
     g) Excite@Home may, upon fifteen (15) days prior notice to Application
        Provider, request reasonable revisions to the Co-Branded Application as
        needed to reflect changes that will not adversely affect Application
        Provider, such as changes to Excite@Home's name and/or brand or changes
        to the URLs for the links to the Excite Network. Application Provider
        will use reasonable efforts to accommodate Excite@Home's requested
        changes within the fifteen (15) day period.
   5
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     h)   Excite@Home will have editorial control over all email or other
          similar communication with Excite@Home Members. Correspondence solely
          regarding the Co-Branded Application will only be presented to Program
          Members; communication with all other Excite@Home Members will be tied
          to regular Excite@Home email schedules, which may or may not be
          integrated with other email content at Excite@Home's sole option.
          Correspondence specific to the Co-Branded Application may be mailed on
          a schedule independent of other Excite@Home member mailings for those
          Qualified Program Members that specify a frequency of contact. Until
          an individual General Program Member specifies a frequency of email
          contact, he or she will by default receive email pursuant to the
          Co-branded Application's every-other-week email option setting. Any
          mailings to such General Program Members who have not specified a
          frequency of email contact will be mailed on a schedule that
          coordinates contact with other Excite@Home newsletter and promotional
          contacts, but at least with the frequency of every-other-week.
          Communications with Excite@Home Members shall further be subject to
          the requirements of EXHIBIT D.
3.   INTEGRATION WITH EXCITE@HOME SERVICES
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000a)   Application Provider will integrate the Co-Branded Application with
          Excite@Home's Universal Registration System ("URS") according to
          Excite@Home's technical and operational specifications. Each party
          will incur their own costs related to the integration.
     b)   Information collected through the Co-Branded Application will include,
          but not be limited to,
          i)   URS User Data, whose categories may be modified from time to time
               at Excite@Home's sole option;
          ii)  Superset Data, whose categories shall be determined by mutual
               agreement but subject to Excite@Home's final approval;
          iii) Shopping Category Data, whose contents shall be determined by
               mutual agreement but subject to Excite@Home's final approval.
     c)   All Information collected under this Agreement will be transmitted
          between the parties in a manner to be mutually agreed upon.
     d)   The Co-Branded Application will include content with links that direct
          Users to other Excite@Home content, including but not limited to
          community products, which include message boards, chat, clubs, home
          pages, instant messaging, calendar, address book, email, photos and
          any other community products which Excite@Home may develop during the
          term of this Agreement ("Community Products"). The number of links to
          other Excite@Home content shall be consistent with the general
          quantity of links implemented on comparable portions of the Excite
          Network.
   6
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
        Application Provider will not feature non-Excite@Home Community Products
        on the Co-Branded Application without the written permission of
        Excite@Home.
     e) Application Provider will publish to Excite@Home subsets of its content
        in a mutually-agreed XML or pre-defined text format (e.g. URL's
        captions, brief two-sentence descriptions, news headlines, pointers into
        longer descriptions, and abstracts) in order for Excite@Home to
        integrate, at its option, portions of the content into its search
        results, directory results and other areas of Excite@Home in order to
        drive traffic to the Co-Branded Application, as deemed appropriate by
        Excite@Home in its sole discretion. Neither party will export to the
        other party any licensed third-party data for which the providing party
        does not have redistribution rights.
     f) Application Provider will provide and regularly update database mappings
        necessary to maximize search and directory integration for the
        Co-Branded Application into Excite@Home's services.
     g) Application Provider will provide Excite@Home with a regularly updated
        data feed of product information for integration into Excite@Home's
        commerce services. The data feed will be provided according to
        Excite@Home's then-applicable standard product data import
        specifications, which specifications shall be substantially similar to
        those required by similar service providers in the industry.
     h) Excite@Home will provide Application Provider with a regularly updated
        data feed of product information for integration into the Co-Branded
        Application. The data feed will be provided according to Excite@Home's
        standard product data export specifications, which specifications shall
        be substantially similar to those required by similar service providers
        in the industry.
     i) Excite@Home shall not offer any Excite-branded or Excite-co-branded
        service during the Term of this Agreement that is substantially similar
        in functionally to the Co-Branded Application.
4.   ADVERTISING ON THE CO-BRANDED APPLICATION
     a) Excite@Home will have the right to sell and serve Excite banner,
        sponsorship, and text link advertising on the Co-Branded Application, as
        limited by the terms of this Section. Excite@Home will have the right to
        sell and serve such advertising on all pages within the Co-Branded
        Application. Revenues from such advertising shall accrue wholly to
        Excite@Home. Application Provider will enable the ad-serving and
        accommodate Excite@Home's technical requirements, which shall be
                                       6
   7
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     consistent with those of Excite's other partners and the standards
     generally used in the industry, at its own expense.
b)   Banner advertising shall be limited to one standard-size banner below
     the Co-Branded Application's content area, as described in Section 2.
c)   Sponsorship modules will be present on the Co-Branded Application in a
     quantity consistent with the overall quantity within other shopping
     content areas of Excite. Each party shall have the right to sell and
     serve advertisements on 50% of the sponsorship tiles within the Co-Branded
     Application. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, pages within
     Excite@Home's shopping service contain four sponsorship tiles arranged
     vertically on the right hand side of each page, though over time this may
     change at Excite@Home's sole option, but such changes shall not conflict
     with Application Provider's contractual obligations. Within this
     framework, Application Provider will have access to the first and third
     tiles from the top; Excite@Home will have access to the second and fourth
     tiles. Should additional tiles be added during the term of this Agreement,
     the first incremental tile shall be allocated to Application Provider, the
     following to Excite@Home, and so forth. Revenue generated by the parties
     from such activities shall not be shared but rather shall be retained by
     the respective party to whom the Sponsorship tile(s) are allocated.
d)   Excite@Home will not serve advertising on the Co-Branded Application for
     any "Application Provider Named Competitor," as specified in EXHIBIT E.
     Application Provider may designate no more than 10 companies as Named
     Competitors. Not more than once per quarter, Application Provider may
     update the list of Application Provider Named Competitors, but may not add
     to the list any company with which Excite@Home has a material existing
     relationship as of the Effective Date of this Agreement. Within three
     business days of receiving Application Provider's written update,
     Excite@Home will remove any advertising from Application Provider's listed
     competitors displayed on the Co-Branded Pages.
e)   Application Provider will not serve advertising on the Co-Branded
     Application for any "Excite@Home Named Competitor," as specified in
     EXHIBIT E. Excite@Home may designate no more than 10 companies as Named
     Competitors. Not more than once per quarter, Excite@Home may update the
     list of Excite@Home Named Competitors, but may not add to the list any
     company with which e-centives has a material existing relationship as of
     the Effective Date of this Agreement. Within three business days of
     receiving Excite@Home's written update, Application Provider will remove
     any advertising from Excite@Home's listed competitors displayed on the
     Co-Branded Pages.
                                       7
   8
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     f)   Application Provider will not serve advertising on the Co-Branded
          Application that (i) violates any law, rule, or regulation, (ii)
          relates to pornography, gaming, tobacco, or alcohol, (iii) is the
          subject of a claim to trademark, trade name, service mark, or other
          proprietary rights, or Excite@Home may request removal of any such
          advertising from the Co-Branded Application, and Application Provider
          shall remove any such advertising within twenty-four (24) hours of
          receipt of any such written request.
5.   PROMOTION OF THE CO-BRANDED APPLICATION
     a)   Excite@Home will provide promotion for the Co-Branded Application as
          described in EXHIBIT F. Excite@Home may provide additional links to,
          or other promotion for, the Co-Branded Application from elsewhere on
          or off the Excite Network at its sole discretion.
6.   USER DATA OWNERSHIP
     a)   Ownership
          i)   The operation of the Co-Branded Application will permit the
               collection of Payment-Eligible User Data.
          ii)  Payment-Eligible URS User Data, Superset Data, and Shopping
               Category Data collected through the operation of the Co-Branded
               Application will be jointly owned by the parties. The parties'
               respective ownership shall be subject to the restrictions set
               forth in this Agreement.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000iii) Transactional Data, when available, shall be jointly owned by
               the parties, except in those cases where Application Provider's
               contractual agreement(s) with its merchant partner(s) prevent
               the sharing of said Transactional Data with third parties. In
               all cases Application Provider shall use commercially reasonable
               efforts to ensure that Transactional Data may be shared with and
               co-owned by Excite@Home. The parties' respective ownership
               rights shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in this
               Agreement.
     b)   Restrictions
          i)   During the Term of this Agreement, Application Provider shall
               own Payment-Eligible User Data solely for the purpose of
               providing the services of the Co-Branded Application.
               Application Provider may not use Payment-Eligible User Data to
               solicit User traffic to www.e-centives.com or any other
               co-branded version of www.e-centives.com with the intent of
               driving such Users away from using the Co-Branded Application.
               Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for the period from the
               Effective Date of this
                                       8
   9
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
            Agreement to the Launch Date for the Co-Branded Application, as
            hereinafter defined, Application Provider may use Payment Eligible
            User Data to solicit User traffic to the co-branded area currently
            in place at http://coupons.excite.com pursuant to the Sponsorship
            Agreement effective March 5, 1999 in force between the parties.
      ii)   Application Provider may not sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or
            license Payment-Eligible User Data in a form identifiable to any
            particular user to any third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
            Application Provider may disclose User Data if it is aggregated in a
            non-associatable way with data from multiple online properties or in
            an anonymous format on a per user basis.
      iii)  In no event may either party sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or
            license Payment-Eligible User Data to the other party's Named
            Competitors as listed in EXHIBIT E. Furthermore, Excite@Home may not
            sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or license Shopping Category Data or
            Superset Data to Data Restricted Named Companies as specified in
            EXHIBIT I. Not more than once per quarter, Application Provider may
            update the list of Application Provider Data Restricted Named
            Companies shown in EXHIBIT I, so long as such list shall not exceed
            twenty-five (25) companies.
      iv)   Excite@Home may not sell, disclose, transfer, rent or license any
            Transactional Data regardless of Program Member preferences.
      v)    The collection, storage, and usage of all classes of
            Payment-Eligible User Data shall comply with Excite@Home's
            then-current security and privacy guidelines.
      vi)   Application Provider will not solicit any Excite@Home Member on
            behalf of any Excite@Home Named Competitor during the Term of this
            Agreement or thereafter. The list of Excite@Home Named Competitors
            is defined in EXHIBIT E.
c)    Effect of Termination or Expiration
      i)    In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
            16.a.v due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named
            Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an
            Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives shall transfer all of its
            right, title and interest in and to the Payment-Eligible User Data
            to Excite. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Payment-Eligible User Data
            that relates to users who have opted out in accordance with Section
            5(a) of EXHIBIT D shall continue to be jointly owned by the parties.
                                       9
   10
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          ii)  In the event that the Agreement expires or is terminated for any
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000reason other than termination pursuant to Section 16.a.v, the
               parties shall continue to jointly own Payment-Eligible User Data
               in accordance with Section 6.a. The restrictions of Section 6.b
               shall continue to apply, with the exception of subsections 6.b.i
               and 6.b.v.
7.   PAYMENTS AND DELIVERY OF USER DATA
     a)   Payments and delivery for General Program Member User Data records:
          i)   Excite@Home will supply to Application Provider a minimum of
               ***** Payment-Eligible User Data records for General Program
               Members containing all available information set forth in Section
               1(h)  [DEFINITIONS] in each quarter during the Term of this Agreement, beginning
               with the quarter in which the Launch Date (as hereinafter
               defined) falls, for a minimum of ***** of these General
               Program Member User Data records during the Term of this
               Agreement.
          ii)  Excite@Home shall provide in excess of ***** such General
               Program Member User Data records, to the extent such records are
               available.
          iii) The General Program Member User Data records supplied by
               Excite@Home to Application Provider shall consist solely of URS
               User Data.
          iv)  e-centives will pay for these General Program Member User Data
               records to Excite@Home at a rate of $***** per unique User Data
               record. This rate will apply only to the first ***** records.
               e-centives will pay Excite@Home $***** in payments for these
               General Program Member User Data records over the Term of
               this Agreement, in accordance with the schedule set out in
               Section 7.d. In the event that more than ***** such General
               Program Member User Data records are supplied, payments for such
               additional records shall be governed by Section 7.e.
          v)   The failure of Excite@Home to deliver at least ***** of these
               General Program Member User Data records shall not be deemed a
               breach of this Agreement. To the extent that Excite@Home fails to
               deliver at least ***** General Program Member User Data
               records, however, e-centives' total payment obligations under
               Section 7.a.iv shall be correspondingly reduced at the rate of
               $***** per record for any shortfall. In no event will any failure
               to deliver at least ***** General Program Member User Data
               records constitute cause to extend the Term of this Agreement.
                                       10
   11
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
b)   Payments and delivery for Qualified Program Member User Data records:
     i)   Excite@Home will supply to e-centives a minimum of *****
          Payment-Eligible User Data records for Qualified Program Members
          containing all available information set forth in Section 1(h)  [DEFINITIONS] in each
          quarter during the Term of this Agreement, beginning with the quarter
          in which the Launch Date (as hereinafter defined) falls, for a minimum
          of ***** of these Qualified Program Member User Data records
          during the Term of this Agreement.
     ii)  Excite@Home shall provide in excess of ***** such Qualified
          Program Member User Data records, to the extent such records are
          available.
     iii) The Qualified Program Member User Data records supplied by Excite@Home
          to e-centives shall consist of URS User Data and Shopping Category
          Data and, if available, Superset Data.
     iv)  e-centives will pay for these Qualified Program Member User Data
          records to Excite@Home at a rate of $***** per unique User Data
          record. This rate will apply only to the first ***** records.
          e-centives will pay Excite@Home $***** in payments for these
          Qualified Program Member User Data records over the Term of this
          Agreement, in accordance with the schedule set out in Section 7.d.
          In the event that more than ***** Qualified Program Member User
          Data records are supplied, payments for such additional records shall
          be governed by Section 7.e.
     v)   The failure of Excite@Home to deliver at least ***** such
          Qualified Program Member User Data records shall not be deemed a
          breach of this Agreement. To the extent that Excite@Home fails to
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000deliver at least ***** Qualified Program Member User Data records,
          however, e-centives' total payment obligations under Section 7.b.iv
          shall be correspondingly reduced at the rate of $***** per record for
          any shortfall. In no event will any failure to deliver at least *****
          Qualified Program Member User Data records constitute cause to
          extend the Term of this Agreement.
c)   Conversion of General Program Members to Qualified Program Members
     i)   It is anticipated that a substantial number of Program Members who
          started as General Program Members will subsequently become Qualified
          Program Members. Both parties stipulate that it is in their interests
          for this to occur.
     ii)  If Excite@Home supplies e-centives with a Qualified Program Member
          User Data record for a Program Member for whom it has
                                       11
   12
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          previously submitted a General Program Member User Data record, the
          record shall be accounted for as follows:
          (1)  If the Qualified Program Member User Data record is supplied in
               the same quarter in which the General Program Member User Data
               record was originally supplied to e-centives, the Program Member
               record shall be treated as always having been a Qualified Program
               Member record for purposes of both volume and payments.
          (2)  If the Qualified Program Member User Data record is supplied in a
               quarter different from the one in which the General Program
               Member User Data record was originally supplied to e-centives,
               the Program Member record shall be treated as a Qualified Program
               Member record for purposes of both volume and payments, but a
               credit shall be applied against the General Program Member volume
               and payment guarantees.
          (3)  Payments shall be based upon the total number of records
               delivered for each Program Member category. For payment purposes,
               Excite@Home shall be obligated to track only total records per
               category and shall not be obligated to track individual records.
d)   Payment Schedule
     i)   Within ten (10) days of the Effective Date of this Agreement,
          e-centives shall make a non-refundable payment to Excite@Home of
          $***** as pre-payment for Payment-Eligible User Data records:
          (1)  e-centives will pay Excite@Home $***** in pre-payments for
               ***** General Program Member User Data records.
          (2)  e-centives will pay Excite@Home $***** in pre-payments for
               ***** Qualified Program Member User Data records.
     ii)  During the Term of this Agreement, on the first day of each quarter
          following the quarter in which the Launch Date falls, e-centives shall
          make additional non-refundable payments for the Payment-Eligible User
          Data records. In the event that the Launch Date is delayed beyond
          March 31, 2000, the April 1, 2000, payment pursuant to this subsection
          shall be postponed and shall instead be made within (10) days of the
          Launch Date. Payments under this subsection shall be calculated as
          follows:
                                       12
   13
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
               (1)  General Program Member User Data: $*****, plus $*****
                    times the total number of records previously delivered, less
                    all amounts previously paid on account of General Program
                    Member User Data.
               (2)  Qualified Program Member User Data: $*****, plus $*****
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000times the total number of records previously delivered, less
                    all amounts previously paid on account of General Program
                    Member User Data.
          iii) The amounts paid pursuant to subsection 7.d.ii shall be further
               subject to the following cap: at no point shall e-centives' total
               payments exceed an average of $***** per quarter. In the
               event that the payment amount dictated by the formulas in
               subsections 7.d.ii.(1) and (2) would raise e-centives' total
               payments to an average in excess of $***** per quarter,
               e-centives shall instead pay only that amount necessary to
               maintain an average quarterly payment of $*****.
          iv)  A sample hypothetical payment schedule showing the effect of this
               provision is included solely for purposes of illustration in
               EXHIBIT G.
     e)   In the event that Excite@Home delivers more than *****
          Payment-Eligible General Program Member User Data records and/or more
          than ***** Payment-Eligible Qualified Program Member User Data
          records during the Term of the Agreement, e-centives will pay
          Excite@Home, on a quarterly basis, *****% of net revenue (gross
          revenue less direct third party commissions) generated from the
          delivery of offers to any such excess Program Members. This provision
          shall apply to net revenue generated during the year following the
          end of the calendar quarter in which the names were supplied,
          irrespective of the Term of this Agreement.
8.   USER DATA DELIVERY PERFORMANCE MEETINGS
     The parties will meet on a quarterly basis to review Program Member User
     Data record delivery goals and performance and adjust marketing plans and
     member signup goals as mutually agreed.
9.   EXCITE@HOME PURCHASES FROM E-CENTIVES
     a)   Excite@Home will purchase in bulk a minimum of $3.75 million in
          e-centive packages from e-centives at the rate of $***** per e-centive
          delivered for the purpose of resale to Excite@Home's advertisers and
          partners. Within 5 days of Launch Date Excite@Home will pay e-centives
          a non-refundable minimum of $***** and will continue to pay a
          minimum of $***** each quarter, payable at the beginning of the
          quarter, during the Term of this Agreement for such packages. Unless
                                       13
   14
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          sold by Excite within 6 months of purchase, such purchased e-centives
          packages shall expire and no longer be available for resale by
          Excite@Home. Any purchases beyond the minimum shall be at
          Excite@Home's sole discretion. Such e-centive packages shall be
          governed by e-centives' standard terms and conditions. To the extent
          that Excite@Home elects in its sole discretion to purchase in excess
          of $***** in e-centive packages during any quarter, any such excess
          purchases shall constitute a credit which Excite@Home may apply
          against its minimum purchase obligations in any subsequent quarter(s).
     b)   Excite@Home will determine, at its sole discretion, the size and
          nature of each e-centive package bought under these terms.
          Excite@Home shall not be limited to a standard package size.
     c)   Excite@Home will pay e-centives *****% of net revenue (gross revenue
          less $***** purchase price and cost of sales not to exceed *****% of
          gross revenues) generated from sales of the e-centives packages.
     d)   e-centives may not extend exclusive offers developed for Excite@Home
          by its advertisers to non-Excite@Home users of the e-centives service
          for a period of 30 days following the day on which the offer is first
          made available through Excite@Home.
10.  USAGE REPORTS
     a)   Application Provider will provide usage reports to Excite@Home on a
          weekly basis in a mutually agreed upon format. At a minimum, usage
          reports will include:
          i)    Transactional Data on all Excite@Home Members who transact
                through the Co-Branded Application (where available and as
                limited by Section 6.a.iii);
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000ii)   Individual Program Member data, including such information as
                user preferences, usage, and response rates;
          iii)  Daily page views by category; and
          iv)   Aggregate information on response rates.
     b)   The usage reports will be co-owned by the parties.
11.  TRADEMARK OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE
     a)   Application Provider will retain all right, title and interest in and
          to its trademarks, service marks and trade names worldwide, subject
          to the limited license granted to Excite@Home in Section 11(c)  [TRADEMARK OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE]  below.
                                       14
   15
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     b)   Excite@Home will retain all right, title and interest in and to its
          trademarks, service marks and trade names worldwide, subject to the
          limited license granted to Application Provider in Section 11(c)  [TRADEMARK OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE]
          below.
     c)   Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited license
          to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as
          specifically described in this Agreement. All such use shall be in
          accordance with each party's reasonable policies regarding advertising
          and trademark usage as established from time to time.
     d)   Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, each party will
          cease using the trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of the
          other except:
          i)   As the parties may agree in writing; or
          ii)  To the extent permitted by applicable law.
12   CONTENT OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE
     a)   Application Provider will retain all right, title and interest in and
          to the e-centives Content worldwide (including, but not limited to,
          ownership of all copyrights and other intellectual property rights
          therein). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
          Application Provider hereby grants to Excite@Home a royalty-free,
          non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute,
          transmit and publicly display the e-centives Content in accordance
          with this Agreement and to sub-license the Application Content to
          Excite@Home's wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which
          Excite@Home participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing,
          distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the e-centives
          Content in accordance with this Agreement, provided that no such
          sublicensing shall be to Application Provider Named Competitors.
     b)   Excite@Home will retain all right, title, and interest in and to the
          Excite Network worldwide (including, but not limited to, ownership of
          all copyrights, look and feel and other intellectual property rights
          therein).
13.  MAINTENANCE, CUSTOMER SUPPORT AND PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
     a)   Application Provider shall be responsible for providing all
          maintenance and technical support for all Co-Branded Application users
          as set forth in EXHIBIT H.
     b)   Application Provider shall be responsible for meeting the performance
          and uptime guarantees for the Co-Branded Application as set forth in
          EXHIBIT H.
                                       15
   16
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
14.  PUBLICITY
     It is the intention of both parties to publicly disclose the nature (but
     not the terms) of the relationship following the completion of the
     Agreement and other related documents. It is the intention of both parties
     to support public releases, whereby an authorized senior executive of both
     companies is quoted within the release. Both parties will provide
     reasonable and timely support of such releases. Neither party shall make
     any publication or issue any press release concerning this document or the
     arrangements contemplated without the other party's written approval prior
     to release. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excite@Home agrees to allow
     reference to its name and disclosure of the terms of the relationship
     between the parties to potential investors and relevant regulatory
     authorities for purposes of funding activities by e-centives, which may
     include an initial public offering.
15.  TERM
     The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end
     three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes
     accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
16.  TERMINATION
     a)   Basis for Termination:
          i)   Either party  may terminate if the other party breaches the
               Agreement and the breach remains uncured for thirty (30) days
               following receipt of written notice of intention to terminate
               from the other party.
          ii)  Excite@Home may terminate the Agreement with thirty (30) days
               written notice if Application Provider does not meet the content
               and launch guidelines described in EXHIBIT B.
          iii) Excite@Home may terminate the Agreement if the Co-Branded
               Application is not at least comparable to any other source of
               Application Content on the Internet in accordance with the
               following provisions:
               (1)  At any time during the Term of this Agreement, Excite@Home
                    may determine, in its reasonable judgment, that the
                    Co-Branded Application is not at least comparable to other
                    sources of Application Content generally available on the
                    Internet in terms of the following factors:
                    (i)  Breadth and depth of content;
                    (ii) Tools and functionality;
                                       16
   17
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          (iii) Personalization; and
          (iv)  User interface and ease of use.
     (2)  If Excite@Home determines that the Co-Branded Application is not at
          least comparable to other sources of Application Content generally
          available on the Internet in terms of at least two of the four factors
          in Section 16.a.iii.1, Excite@Home may notify Application Provider in
          writing of said deficiency, which shall initiate a 28-day "Cure
          Period." If at the end of the Cure Period Excite@Home, in its
          reasonable judgment, determines that the deficiency still exists, then
          Excite@Home may terminate the Agreement without further delay.
iv)  Either party may terminate the Agreement without penalty upon thirty (30)
     days' written notice if regulations or applicable laws applied at the US
     federal level regarding privacy or User Data purchase and/or usage impede
     or prohibit said party from performing its services as contemplated by this
     Agreement or thereafter.
v)   In the event that a majority of Application Provider's assets are merged,
     acquired or sold to an Excite@Home Named Competitor, or to an entity
     controlling or controlled by an Excite@Home Named Competitor, then
     Excite@Home may terminate this Agreement by providing thirty (30) days
     written notice. This option to terminate this Agreement may only be
     exercised by providing written notice within ninety (90) days of
     Excite@Home's receiving notice of such transaction. Application Provider
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000shall provide such notice at least twenty-four (24) hours before the public
     announcement of any such transaction.
vi)  The parties acknowledge that, due to the continually evolving nature of the
     Internet, substantive changes to the product plan and integration
     contemplated in the Agreement will likely be necessary during the Term.
     From time to time, Excite@Home may require that Application Provider
     provide extensions, incremental services and/or integration of the
     Co-Branded Application (collectively, "Modifications"). In the event that
     Application Provider is unable and/or unwilling to deliver such additions,
     or in the event that the parties disagree on the direction of the
     Co-Branded Application or its integration, Excite@Home may terminate the
     Agreement with no penalty by providing ninety (90) days written notice.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excite shall not be entitled to terminate
     this Agreement in the event that the requested
                                       17
   18
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          Modifications exceed or are outside the scope of technology and/or
          service levels generally available on the Internet.
b)   Effects of Termination
     i)   Each Party will promptly return all Confidential Information of the
          other party.
     ii)  Each Party will pay all earned and undisputed outstanding amounts owed
          to the other Party under this Agreement within thirty (30) days after
          the effective date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
          all payments for User Data records shall be due and accrue in
          accordance with terms of this Agreement.
     iii) For a period of up to sixty (60) days, Application Provider will
          provide consulting services to Excite@Home, as Excite@Home may
          reasonably request and for reasonable fees to be paid to Application
          Provider, such fees to be agreed upon in writing by the Parties, to
          assist Excite@Home in providing a seamless transition to Program
          Members. Application Provider will have no obligation to provide such
          services to Excite@Home to the extent that Application Provider's
          personnel and resources are unavailable in the amounts requested by
          Excite@Home or if the Parties are unable in good faith to agree on the
          reasonable fees to be paid to Application Provider for such services.
          Application Provider will not be required, in the course of providing
          such consulting services to Excite@Home, to disclose or transfer to
          Excite@Home any proprietary information, software, or Intellectual
          Property of Application Provider or any of its merchant partners.
     iv)  To further ensure a seamless transition for Program Members, in the
          event of a termination based upon a material breach by e-centives or
          an acquisition pursuant to Section 16.a.v. only, Application Provider
          shall continue to host and maintain the Co-Branded Application for a
          period of one hundred twenty (120) days following either receipt or
          issuance of notice of intention to terminate this Agreement. Such
          hosting and maintenance of the Co-Branded Application shall be
          provided by Application Provider at such reasonable rates as are
          mutually agreed upon by the parties.
     v)   The provisions of this Section (Termination), Section 17
          (Post-Termination Communications), Section 18 (Confidentiality),
          Section 19 (Warranties and Indemnities), Section 20 (Limitation of
          Liability), and Section 21 (Dispute Resolution) shall survive any
          termination or expiration of this Agreement.
   19
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
17.  POST-TERMINATION COMMUNICATIONS
     a)   Upon termination of this Agreement for reasons other than a
          relationship with an Excite@Home Named Competitor under Section
          16.a.v., the parties will communicate with Program Members as follows:
          i)   Excite@Home will email Program Members on e-centives' behalf up
               to a maximum of two times. Consistent with other communications
               envisioned during the Term of the Agreement, such mailings will
               be branded Excite@Home but will alert Program Members that this
               Agreement is to be terminated, the Co-Branded Application will
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000continue with e-centives branding, and Program Members will
               continue as a participant in the e-centives service unless they
               explicitly opt out.  The content and copy of such emails shall be
               mutually agreed upon.
          ii)  The first email will be exclusive to e-centives (i.e., it will
               not mention similar services from Excite@Home or other third
               parties) and will alert Program Members of the continuation of
               the e-centives service directly from e-centives. Program Members
               shall be further alerted that their membership in the e-centives
               service shall continue unless they explicitly opt-out.
               Excite@Home shall not promote competing services in such contact
               or otherwise discourage Program Members from continuing to use
               the e-centives service as provided directly by e-centives.
          iii) The second email will not be exclusive to e-centives. It will
               include the same e-centives alerts as in the first email, but may
               offer a replacement Excite@Home service and a notification that
               the Program Member will remain in such an Excite@Home-provided
               service unless they specifically opt-out. Excite@Home shall not
               discourage Program Members from continuing to use the e-centives
               service directly from e-centives, but may offer an additional
               choice. It is conceivable that any one end user customer could
               use both services.
          iv)  Any such communications will be subject to Excite@Home's
               then-current privacy policy.
     b)   In the event that the Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
          16.a.v. due to e-centives' acquisition by an Excite@Home Named
          Competitor, or by an entity controlling or controlled by an
          Excite@Home Named Competitor, e-centives or its assigns or designates
          may not contact any Users for whom User Data has been provided
          pursuant to this Agreement, excluding those that have opted out in
          accordance with Section 5(a) of Exhibit D. In the event of such
          termination, e-centives will not be eligible for any refund of
          pre-termination payments made to Excite@Home.
                                       19
   20
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
18.  CONFIDENTIALITY
     a)   For the purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means
          information about the disclosing party's (or its suppliers') business
          or activities that is proprietary and confidential, which shall
          include all business, financial, technical and other information of a
          party marked or designated by such party as "confidential" or
          "proprietary"; or information which, by the nature of the
          circumstances surrounding the disclosure, ought in good faith to be
          treated as confidential.
     b)   Confidential Information will not include information that (i) is in
          or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement, (ii) the
          receiving party lawfully receives from a third party without
          restriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure
          obligation or (iii) the receiving party knew prior to receiving such
          information from the disclosing party or develops independently.
     c)   Each party agrees (i) that it will not disclose to any third party or
          use any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other except
          as expressly permitted in this Agreement and (ii) that it will take
          all reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all
          Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or
          control, which will in no event be less than the measures it uses to
          maintain the confidentiality of its own information of similar
          importance.
     d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential
          Information (i) to the extent required by a court of competent
          jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as required
          by law or (ii) on a "need-to-know" basis under an obligation of
          confidentiality to its legal counsel, accountants, banks and other
          financing sources and their advisors.
     e)   The information contained in the Usage Reports provided hereunder will
          be deemed to be the Confidential Information of each party and will
          not be disclosed without the written consent of the other party.
     f)   The terms and conditions of this Agreement will be deemed to be the
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000Confidential Information of each party and will not be disclosed
          without the written consent of the other party.
19.  WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITIES
     a)   Application Provider's warranties and indemnities:
          i)   Application Provider warrants that it owns, or has obtained the
               right to distribute and make available, as specified in this
               Agreement, any and all content provided to Excite@Home or made
               available to third parties (excluding the Excite Content) in
               connection with this Agreement.
                                       20
   21
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          ii)  Application Provider warrants that the e-centives Content will
               comply, in all material respects, with the description and
               technical specifications contained in EXHIBITS A AND B.
          iii) Application Provider will indemnify, defend and hold harmless
               Excite@Home, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
               consultants and agents from any and all third party claims,
               liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to,
               attorneys fees) arising from:
               (1)  Its breach of any warranty, representation or covenant in
                    this Agreement; or
               (2)  Any claim (including, without limitation, claims for
                    infringement of third party intellectual property,
                    publicity, or privacy rights) arising from the e-centives
                    Content, including, without limitation, e-centives'
                    trademarks, but excluding claims based upon the Excite
                    Content or any other materials provided by Excite in the
                    form originally provided by Excite; or
               (3)  Any claims (including, without limitation, claims for
                    infringement of third party intellectual property,
                    publicity, or privacy rights), by third parties arising out
                    of or based upon e-centives' services and/or any other
                    service provided by e-centives, but excluding claims based
                    upon the Excite Content or any other information or
                    materials provided by Excite in the form originally provided
                    by Excite.
          iv)  Application Provider's obligation to indemnify Excite@Home is
               conditioned upon Excite@Home promptly notifying Application
               Provider of any and all such claims. Notwithstanding the
               foregoing, Application Provider shall only be relieved of its
               obligation to indemnify Excite@Home to the extent that any such
               failure to notify materially and adversely affects Application
               Provider's defense. Excite@Home will reasonably cooperate with
               Application Provider in the defense and/or settlement thereof;
               provided that, if any settlement requires an affirmative
               obligation of, results in any ongoing liability to, or prejudices
               or detrimentally impacts Excite@Home in any way, and such
               obligation, liability, prejudice or impact can reasonably be
               expected to be material, then such settlement shall require
               Excite@Home's written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or
               delayed), and Excite@Home may have its own counsel in attendance
               at all official proceedings and substantive negotiations relating
               to such claim at Excite@Home's sole cost and expense.
                                       21
   22
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
b)   Excite@Home's warranties and indemnities:
     i)   Excite warrants that it has the right to distribute and make
          available, as specified in this Agreement, any and all content and
          User Data provided to e-centives or made available to third parties
          (excluding the e-centives Content) in connection with this Agreement.
     ii)  Excite warrants that the Excite Content will comply, in all material
          respects, with the description and technical specifications contained
          in EXHIBITS A AND B.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000iii) Excite@Home will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Application
          Provider, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants
          and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages
          and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) arising
          from:
          (1)  Its breach of any warranty, representation or covenant in this
               Agreement;
          (2)  Any claim (including, without limitation, claims for infringement
               of third party intellectual property rights) arising from the
               Excite Content, including, without limitation, Excite's
               trademarks, but excluding claims based upon the e-centives
               Content or any other materials provided by e-centives in the form
               originally provided by e-centives; or
          (3)  Any claims (including, without limitation, claims for
               infringement of third party intellectual property rights), by
               third parties arising out of or based upon Excite@Home's services
               and/or any other service provided by Excite, but excluding claims
               based upon the e-centives Content or any other information or
               materials provided by e-centives in the form originally provided
               by e-centives.
     iv)  Excite@Home's obligation to indemnify Application Provider is
          conditioned upon Application Provider promptly notifying Excite@Home
          of any and all such claims. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excite
          shall only be relieved of its obligation to indemnify e-centives to
          the extent that any such failure to notify materially and adversely
          affects Excite@Home's defense. Application Provider will reasonably
          cooperate with Excite@Home in the defense and/or settlement thereof;
          provided that, if any settlement requires an affirmative obligation
          of, results in any ongoing liability to, or prejudices or
          detrimentally impacts
                                       22
   23
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
               Application Provider in any way, and such obligation, liability,
               prejudice or impact can reasonably be expected to be material,
               then such settlement shall require Application Provider's written
               consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and
               Application Provider may have its own counsel in attendance at
               all proceedings and substantive negotiations relating to such
               claim at Application Provider's sole cost and expense.
     c)   Except as specified in this Section, neither party makes any warranty
          in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and hereby
          disclaims any and all implied warranties, including all implied
          warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose
          regarding such subject matter.
20.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
     Except as provided by Sections 19(a)(iii)(2), (a)(iii)(3), (b)(iii)(2) and
     (b)(iii)(3):
     a)   Neither party will have liability for any damages other than direct
          damages. In no event will either party be liable to the other for any
          special, incidental or consequential damages, whether based on breach
          of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, whether or not
          that party has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
     b)   Either party's liability for damages shall be limited to the amounts
          actually paid by the other party.
21.  DISPUTE RESOLUTION
     a)   The parties agree that any breach of either of the parties'
          obligations regarding trademarks, service marks or trade names and/or
          confidentiality would result in irreparable injury for which there is
          no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, in the event of any breach or
          threatened breach of a party's obligations regarding trademarks,
          service marks or trade names or confidentiality, the aggrieved party
          will be entitled to seek equitable relief in addition to its other
          available legal remedies in a court of competent jurisdiction. For the
          purposes of this Section only, the parties consent to venue in either
          the state courts of the county in which Excite@Home has its principal
          place of business or the United States District Court for the Northern
          District of California.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000b)   In the event of disputes between the parties arising from or
          concerning in any manner the subject matter of this Agreement, other
          than disputes arising from or concerning trademarks, service marks or
          trade names and/or confidentiality, the parties will first attempt to
          resolve the dispute(s) through good faith negotiation. In the event
          that the dispute(s) cannot be resolved through good faith negotiation,
          the parties will refer the
                                       23
   24
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
        dispute(s) to a mutually acceptable mediator for hearing in the county
        in which Excite@Home has its principal place of business.
     c) In the event that disputes between the parties arising from or
        concerning in any manner the subject matter of this Agreement, other
        than disputes arising from or concerning trademarks, service marks or
        trade names and/or confidentiality, cannot be resolved through good
        faith negotiation and mediation, the parties will refer the dispute(s)
        to the American Arbitration Association for resolution through binding
        arbitration by a single arbitrator pursuant to the American Arbitration
        Association's rules applicable to commercial disputes. The arbitration
        will be held in the county in which Excite@Home has its principal place
        of business.
22.  GENERAL
     a) Governing Law. The Agreement will be governed by and construed in
        accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the
        actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Application
        Provider.
     b) Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
        part, without the other party's written consent (which will not be
        unreasonably withheld), except that no such consent will be required in
        connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of all, or
        substantially all, of such party's assets or capital stock. Any attempt
        to assign this Agreement other than as permitted above will be null and
        void.
     c) Notice. Any notice under this Agreement will be in writing and delivered
        by personal delivery, express courier, confirmed facsimile, confirmed
        email or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and
        will be deemed given upon personal delivery, one (1) day after deposit
        with express courier, upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile or email
        or five (5) days after deposit in the mail. Notices will be sent to a
        party at its address set forth below or such other address as that party
        may specify in writing pursuant to this Section.
     d) No Agency. The parties are independent contractors and will have no
        power or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility
        on behalf of each other. This Agreement will not be construed to create
        or imply any partnership, agency or joint venture.
     e) Audit Rights. A party obligated to make payments and/or provide User
        Data hereunder shall keep for 3 years proper records and books of
        account relating to the computation of such payments and/or the
        compilation and content of such User Data. Once every 12 months, the
        party receiving payment and/or User Data records or its designee may
        inspect such records to verify for accuracy. Any such inspection will be
        conducted in a
                                       24
   25
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the inspected party's
     business activities. In the case of underpayments, the inspected party
     shall immediately make any overdue payments disclosed by the audit plus
     applicable interest. Such inspection shall be at the inspecting party's
     expense; however, if the audit reveals overdue payments in excess of 5% of
     the payments owed to date, the inspected party shall immediately pay the
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000cost of such audit, and the inspecting party may conduct another audit
     during the same 12 month period. In the case of inaccurate and/or outdated
     User Data, the providing party shall immediately provide accurate User Data
     and/or updated User Data (to the extent such party has updated User Data.
f)   Force Majeure.  Any delay in or failure of performance by either party
     under this Agreement will not be considered a breach of this Agreement and
     will be excused to the extent caused by any occurrence beyond the
     reasonable control of such party including, but not limited to, acts of
     God, power outages and governmental restrictions.
g)   Severability.  In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
     are held by to be unenforceable by a court or arbitrator, the remaining
     portions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
h)   Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement
     between the parties with respect to the subject matter or related matters
     hereof, superseding any prior agreements and communications (both written
     and oral) regarding such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
     Sponsorship Agreement effective on March 5, 1999 that currently is in
     force between the two parties to this Agreement shall remain in force, on
     an interim basis only, and will terminate at the end of the calendar month
     that the Co-Branded Application launches on the Excite@Home Shopping
     service without further compensation from either party.
i)   Waiver.  The failure of either Party to require performance by the other
     Party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the full right to
     require such performance at any time thereafter; nor will the waiver by
     either Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement be taken or
     held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
j)   Modification.  This Agreement may only be modified by a written document
     executed by both parties.
k)   Construction.  The section headings appearing in this Agreement are
     inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit,
     construe, or describe the scope or extent of such section or in any way
     affect this Agreement.
                                       25
   26
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          l)   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
               each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
               together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by
their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.
AT HOME CORPORATION                     e-centives, INC.
By: ________________________________    By: ____________________________________
Name: ______________________________    Name: __________________________________
Title: _____________________________    Title: _________________________________
Date: ______________________________    Date: __________________________________
450 Broadway                            6903 Rockledge Drive, Suite 1200
Redwood City, CA 94063                  Bethesda, MD 20817
                                       26
   27
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT A
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000UNTARGETED AND TARGETED OFFERS WITHIN THE CO-
                              BRANDED APPLICATION
1.   DEFINITIONS
     a)   "Untargeted Offers" are those offers generated from either party's
          network of merchant partners, to be extended to all Users for the
          benefit of attracting shoppers.
     b)   "Targeted Offers" are e-centives offers made available only to Program
          Members.
2.   TREATMENT OF UNTARGETED OFFERS
     a)   The parties shall establish by mutual agreement prices for the sale
          of Untargeted Offers for display in the Co-Branded Application .
     b)   The parties will share equally all revenue from the sale of
          Untargeted Offers sold for display in the Co-Branded Application .
          This equal division of revenue shall not extend to any placement of
          Untargeted Offers outside the Co-Branded Application . For Untargeted
          Offers that appear both on the Co-Branded Application  and elsewhere
          on the Excite Network, revenue attributable to placement on the
          Co-Branded Application  shall be calculated based on the price to be
          established as set forth in Section 2.a of this Exhibit, and the
          parties will share equally such revenue.
     c)   The price to be established as set forth in Section 2.a of this
          Exhibit shall not apply to mass listings of paper or local coupons.
          The parties will share equally all revenue from the listing of paper
          or local coupons in the Co-Branded Application .
     d)   Each party shall receive without charge space for twenty (20)
          Untargeted Offers each month. This allocation of free Untargeted
          Offers may be modified as mutually agreed upon during the Term of the
          Agreement.
3.   TREATMENT OF TARGETED OFFERS
     a)   Targeted offers may be viewed by Users, but may not be used by Users
          unless they become Program Members.
     b)   Targeted offers shall be sold as e-centives and charged upon delivery
          or display to, or transaction by, a Program Member in the Co-Branded
          Application or its associated emails.
                                       27
   28
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     c)   All Targeted Offers shall be placed above any Untargeted Offers.
     d)   e-centives Co-Branded Application  emails shall contain only Targeted
          Offers, and shall not contain Untargeted Offers.
                                       28
   29
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT B
                     CONTENT DESCRIPTION AND SPECIFICATIONS
                            ("APPLICATION CONTENT")
The following describes the general product plan for the Co-Branded Application :
1.   CUSTOMER OFFERS
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000a)   There shall be four distinct types of offers:
          i)   Traditional e-centives offers, which are classified as Targeted
               Offers;
          ii)  Excite@Home-exclusive e-centives offers, which are classified as
               Targeted Offers;
          iii) Other Excite@Home Member exclusive offers, which are classified
               as Untargeted Offers;
               (1)  May be unrelated to e-centives and will have redemption off
                    the e-centives-hosted experience.
          iv)  As deemed appropriate by Excite@Home, other offers that may or
               may not be exclusive to Excite@Home which are provided as a feed
               to e-centives, which are classified as Untargeted Offers;
               (1)  Required so that Members perceive e-centives-hosted content
                    as a superset of Excite@Home's traditional content;
               (2)  Important not to have a binary selection -- non-Excite@Home-
                    Member-exclusive offers in one area and Excite@Home-Member-
                    exclusive offers in another -- an unacceptable user
                    experience.
          v)   Design cues will be used to differentiate the different types of
               offers seen by Members, as shown below:
                                     Anonymous Users     Excite@Home Members
                                                   
Served by                              e-centives          e-centives
Traditional e-centives offers          Yes*                Yes
Excite-exclusive e-centives offers     Yes*                Yes
                                       29
   30
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                                              
                     Other Excite@Home Member offers      No         Yes
                     Non-Excite@Home-Member offers        Yes        Yes
                        * Must convert to Excite@Home Member status to redeem
     b)   e-centives will use commercially reasonable efforts to support up to
          a combined 10,000 initial offers from Section 1.a.iii and 1.a.iv of
          this Exhibit B on the Effective Date of this Agreement. Excite@Home
          shall have the right to specify an increased capacity of offer
          presentment at its sole option upon giving three months' advance
          notice to e-centives at any point during the Term of this Agreement,
          presuming such request shall be reasonable.
4.   OFFER PLACEMENT
     To ensure an opportunity for both parties to have a reasonable chance to
     display their own offers within the Co-Branded Application , the following
     prioritization of offers shall be made within any content area served by
     e-centives:
     a)   For the first page presented within any shopping category area,
          i)   All Targeted Offers shall have placement priority above any
               Untargeted Offers.
          ii)  Within the Targeted Offers region, the top 30% of the offer
               placement locations on the first page within a category of the
               Co-Branded Application  (not including banner or sponsorship
               placements) will be allocated to Excite@Home exclusive
               e-centives offers. The remaining 70% of such first pages, along
               with subsequent pages within each category, the offer placement
               locations will be split 50%/50% between Excite@Home and
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000e-centives and will be served in an alternating order.
          iii) Similarly, within the Untargeted Offers region, the top 30% of
               the offer placement locations on the first page within a
               category of the Co-Branded Application  (not including banner or
               sponsorship placements) will be allocated to Excite@Home. The
               remaining 70% of such first pages, along with subsequent pages
               within each category, the offer placement locations will be
               split 50%/50% between Excite@Home and e-centives and will be
               served in an alternating order.
     b)   For the second and any following pages presented within any shopping
          category area, half of the offer placement positions will be
          allocated to Excite@Home and the other half will be allocated to
          e-centives and the position of said placements on the page shall be
          random.
                                       30
   31
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
5.   CUSTOMER BRANDING EXPERIENCE
     a)   Until offer selection is made, branding shall be, at Excite@Home's
          option, "Excite" or "Excite@Home" with a tag line "powered by
          e-centives."
     b)   When offer management or redemption occurs, "Excite (or alternately,
          Excite@Home, as detailed in Section 3.a of this Exhibit) powered by
          e-centives" shall be replaced by cobranding, including full logo
          treatment for e-centives. For any branding at the merchant subject to
          final merchant approval, e-centives shall use commercially reasonable
          efforts to ensure that both Excite@Home and e-centives branding
          elements are present.
     c)   Both traditional e-centives offers and Excite@Home e-centives offers
          will contain e-centives branding elements within an application that
          is otherwise Excite@Home branded.
     d)   The Co-Branded Application shall conform to Excite@Home Third-Party
          Application standards, including:
          i)   Page weight;
          ii)  Presence of advertising banners and/or sponsorship placements
               served by Excite@Home/MatchLogic at Excite@Home's exclusive
               option;
          iii) Color, fonts, layout, design standards, header, footer,
               navigational elements, tabbing metaphors, etc.;
          iv)  Navigational elements directing traffic to non-e-centives content
               (e.g., Excite@Home Mail and other Excite@Home Shopping
               destinations);
          v)   Excite@Home's Third-Party Application Standards may change over
               the Term of this Agreement. As they do, e-centives may be
               required to make periodic design enhancements to comply with
               these Standards. Any such required changes shall be reasonable
               and shall be materially similar to changes required of other
               applications and application providers subject to Excite@Home's
               Third-Party Application Standards.
     e)   The Co-Branded Application shall be designed to appear to the customer
          as being Excite@Home; analogs to the goal would be Excite@Home's
          sports content area at http://www.excite.com/sports, as it appears on
          the Effective Date of this Agreement (see Exhibit C), which is served
          by a third-party firm but carries only Excite@Home messaging cues.
                                       31
   32
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     f)   Other Excite@Home Member Offers, and Non-Excite@Home-Member Offers,
          as highlighted in the matrix in Section 1.b of this Exhibit B, may
          also require third-party branding in their presentation.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/20006.   OFFER HIERARCHY SYNCHRONIZATION
     a)   e-centives does not need to adopt Excite@Home's directory structure
          but must use similar categorization methodology. For example, Autos
          and Electronics may be categories at the same level in the hierarchy,
          but Autos and Cameras would not be at the same level.
     b)   e-centives must map to Excite@Home's Shopping directory hierarchy,
          which may change from time to time during the Term of this Agreement.
     c)   e-centives must adopt Excite@Home's naming conventions (e.g.
          Excite@Home's "Autos" label vs. e-centives' "Automotive" label).
     d)   e-centives must provide product and/or offer search capabilities that
          are comparable to Excite Network offerings, including local (zip
          code) and off-line redemption. Any such required capabilities shall
          be reasonable and shall be materially similar to capabilities
          required of other applications and application providers subject to
          Excite@Home's Third-Party Application Standards.
7.   PLACEMENT
     a)   During the first year of the Agreement a persistent "Above-the-Fold"
          link shall remain present in the Excite@Home Shopping content area,
          or its subsequent replacement, or an equivalent area as determined by
          Excite@Home, that directs end users to the Co-Branded Application ,
          the phrasing of which shall be mutually agreed upon. "Above-the-Fold"
          shall mean in a position generally viewable by an end-user customer
          using an Internet browser which has been maximized to full screen on
          a computer displaying a minimum resolution of 600 x 800 dpi or higher.
     b)   During the remainder of the Agreement, a prominent and persistent
          link shall remain present in the Excite@Home Shopping content area,
          or its subsequent replacement, or an equivalent area as determined by
          Excite@Home, that directs end users to the Co-Branded Application .
          The phrasing of the link shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties.
                                       32
   33
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT C
                  LOOK AND FEEL OF THE CO-BRANDED APPLICATION
     The screen shot(s) that follow are examples, solely for purposes of
illustration, of the intended look and feel for the Co-Branded Application , as
described in Exhibit B, Section 3.e:
                                       33
   34
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT D
                           OUTBOUND CUSTOMER CONTACTS
1.   EMAIL OF ACCOUNT STATUS TO MEMBERS ACQUIRED THROUGH EXCITE@HOME:
     a)   Excite@Home shall control the look and feel of such emails,
          which shall be developed in cooperation with e-centives.
2.   WELCOME E-MAILS
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000a)   A Welcome email will be sent to all Qualified Program Members
          when they first access the Co-Branded Application , provided
          that Qualified Program Members are clearly notified concerning
          the sending of such emails at the time of Co-Branded Application
          use. All such Welcome emails shall be bound by Excite@Home's security
          and privacy guidelines. A Welcome email regarding the Co-Branded
          Application will be sent to all General Program Members.
3.   THEMATIC OR SUPPLEMENTAL E-MAILS:
     a)   Excite@Home shall control the timing, strategy, and look and feel of
          Thematic and Supplemental emails. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
          Excite@Home agrees that emails shall be sent at least once per month
          to at least 50% of the Program Members with at least five (5)
          merchant offers.
     b)   Excite@Home shall sell e-centives Thematic or Supplemental emails at
          no less than e-centives' then current standard or generally available
          discounted email rates. If Excite@Home does not sell such emails, or
          all positions within such emails, then e-centives may do so.
     c)   Excite@Home and e-centives shall share equally all net revenue from
          such offers, defined as gross revenue minus third-party serving
          costs, which shall not exceed $0.01 per email piece delivered.
4.   RECIPROCAL DATA TRANSFER & REPORTING
     a)   The parties will allocate the production and sending of emails between
          them based upon technical considerations to be addressed to both
          party's mutual satisfaction. In some instances e-centives will produce
          and send the outbound email pieces, and in other cases Excite@Home
          will produce and send the outbound email pieces.
     b)   The determination of which emails shall be sent by which party shall
          be mutually determined.
                                       34
   35
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     c)   In all cases, the primary branding on each email will be Excite@Home.
     d)   Excite@Home will retain full editorial oversight for all mass
          distribution mailings contemplated under this Agreement, regardless of
          the sending source.
     e)   Reporting and per-email recipient activity data is desired by both
          parties and shall be mutually agreed upon, with both parties agreeing
          to provide reporting and per-email recipient activity data that is
          reasonably equivalent to that offered by the other party. Each party
          shall assume its own costs in both sending outbound email and in
          providing necessary reporting and data to the other party.
5.   COMMUNICATIONS TO PROGRAM MEMBERS WHO OPT OUT OF FIRST-PARTY CONTACT
     a)   Excite@Home maintains records concerning whether Excite@Home Users
          have opted in or opted out of receiving contacts from Excite@Home
          ("first-party contacts"). From time to time, Excite@Home Users who
          have opted in to first-party contacts may subsequently elect to opt
          out of first-party contacts.
     b)   Excite@Home or a designated agent shall provide notice to Application
          Provider when Program Members whose User Data records have been
          licensed to Application Provider opt out of receiving any first-party
          contacts subsequent to licensing. This notice shall be provided on a
          schedule and in a format to be mutually agreed upon.
     c)   Within forty-eight (48) hours of receiving notice that a Program
          Member has opted out of first-party contact, Application Provider
          shall:
          i)   Ensure that future emails to the Program Member do not contain
               any Excite@Home branding; and
          ii)  Ensure that future emails do not direct the Program Member to the
               Co-Branded Application . Application Provider may continue to
               direct Program Members to http://www.e-centives.com or its
               subsequent replacement.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/200035
   36
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT E
                     EXCITE@HOME/APPLICATION PROVIDER NAMED
                                  COMPETITORS
Excite@Home Named Competitors
-----------------------------
AOL Time Warner
Yahoo
Go/Infoseek
Lycos
Snap/NBCi
Ebay
AltaVista
Application Provider Named Competitors
--------------------------------------
CoolSavings.com
IQ.com
BrightStreet.com
ValPak
HotCoupons
Aduo
SuperMarkets Online
Coupons.com (Xadvantage)
Dash
ShoppingList.com
                                       36
   37
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT F
                        PROMOTION ON EXCITE@HOME NETWORK
1.  OFFERS
    a)  The parties will work together to develop mutually agreed upon modules
        designed to promote the Co-Branded Application , which may appear on the
        Excite.com homepage for some Users.
    b)  At its discretion, Excite@Home may include up to five rotating links on
        the My Excite Start Page ("MESP"). At Excite@Home's discretion,
        Excite@Home may include Excite@Home exclusive e-centives offers, non-
        exclusive e-centives offers may also get rotation on MESP, or general
        calls to action to the Co-Branded Application .
    c)  At Excite@Home's discretion, links may be included in the "My Services"
        module. All decisions regarding this module remain Excite@Home's,
        including but not limited to the name and relative placement of the
        module on MESP. This module may not remain as a default module on the
        page over the entire length of the Agreement.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000d)  No e-centives branding of any kind will be present on MESP.
2.  OFFER CATEGORIES
    a)  This Section applies to the publicly accessible narrowband offering from
        Excite@Home, currently available at http://www.excite.com.
    b)  Excite@Home intends to use a randomization function to surface offers on
        MESP in order to provide category specification by user and to support
        dynamic content delivery for each server-refreshed page view. This
        technique will support all e-centives categories and personalized user
        category filtering, but will not support offers that can appear in
        multiple categories or offer weighting.
    c)  Of all e-centives implementation links on MESP, any single category can
        have only one link placement.
    d)  For a category to be surfaced, there must be three unique offers in that
        category. The minimum of three offers per category must remain fresh;
        if more than one week has elapsed without new offers being available
        then a status message indicating no new offers in the category selected
        will appear.
    e)  To prevent multiple appearances of a single offer on one MESP page view,
        every offer must be tagged to only one e-centives category.
                                       37
   38
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
3.   USER TYPES
     a)   Anonymous Users and Excite@Home Members with no personalization of the
          My Services module:
          i)   Excite@Home may display two to five links at its sole option. All
               e-centives categories will be supported, but each category may
               have at most one link.
     b)   Excite@Home Members with personalization of the My Services module
          and/or provision of an e-centives account:
          i)   Excite@Home may display two to five links at its sole option. All
               e-centives categories will be supported, but each category may
               have at most one link per page view.
          ii)  Category surfacing will be based upon users' submitted
               preferences.
          iii) Excite@Home Members shall retain unilateral control to turn all
               offer presentments off.
4.   IMPLEMENTATION
     a)   e-centives shall write the necessary application for Excite@Home
          provided API to automate bulk update of available offers into
          Excite@Home's Concorde system. The targeted completion date shall be
          12-16 weeks from the Effective Date of this Agreement.
     b)   The placement of e-centives promotional links on the default front
          page will be implemented in a test mode for a pre-determined period of
          time. Specific success measures, including increases in the conversion
          rate of non-Excite@Home-Members to Excite@Home-Members, must be met
          prior to making the decision to continue default placement.
     c)   Access to the e-centives organizer will be from links within Member
          Services and Shopping and potentially other locations as well, at
          Excite@Home's sole discretion.
                                       38
   39
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT G
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000PAYMENT SCHEDULE: EXEMPLAR
     The spreadsheet that follows is an example, solely for purposes of
illustration, of the payment provisions set out by Section 7.d.
                                       39
   40
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT H
                  MAINTENANCE AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT STANDARDS
1.   MAINTENANCE
     a)   Application Provider shall provide, during 6:00 AM - 6:00 PM Pacific
          Time on Application Provider's normal business days, telephone
          consulting services to Excite@Home's designated personnel to assist
          such personnel in resolving problems, obtaining clarification relative
          to the Co-Branded Application  and providing assistance regarding
          suspected defects or errors in the Co-Branded Application .
     b)   Application Provider shall also provide after-hours support to
          Excite@Home. Excite@Home's use of such support shall be confined to
          calls related to Severity 1 and Severity 2 issues as those terms are
          defined in this Exhibit I. Application Provider will make all
          reasonable efforts to respond to Excite@Home's after-hours support
          requests within the standards set out in this Exhibit I prior to the
          next business day following receipt of the request.
     c)   By mutual agreement of the parties, Application Provider shall furnish
          qualified personnel for on site assistance to Excite@Home to resolve
          problems and to assist in customization.
     d)   Application Provider agrees to diligently work to promptly correct
          defects and errors in the Co-Branded Application . Application Provider
          agrees to respond to Excite@Home by using a dedicated contact
          telephone number for each support call.
     e)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a system down condition,
          (i.e. Severity 1, as defined below) attributable to Application
          Provider, Application Provider may utilize other means of
          communication for both reporting of errors and the conditions thereof.
     f)   Application Provider shall respond to and complete correction of
          errors, defects and malfunctions, in accordance with the following
          schedule:
          i)   SEVERITY 1: Causes data corruption or system crash or Program
               Members or Excite@Home cannot make effective use of the
               Co-Branded Application .
          ii)  SEVERITY 2: Feature does not work as documented, no reasonable
               work-around exists and Program Members or Excite@Home have a
               critical need for the feature;
                                       40
   41
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          iii) SEVERITY 3  Feature doesn't work as documented, but a reasonable
               work around exists or Excite@Home or Program Members do not have
               a critical need for the feature;
          iv)  SEVERITY 4  Enhancement request.
     g)   Provided that maintenance calls are received within Application
          Provider's maintenance hours, Application Provider shall make an
          initial response to a Severity 1 maintenance call within two (2) hours
          after receipt. Application Provider shall use best efforts to provide
          a fix, work around, or to patch Severity 1 bugs within twenty four
          (24) hours after the bug is replicated by Application Provider and
          confirmed as a bug by Application Provider.
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000h)   Provided that maintenance calls are received within Application
          Provider's maintenance hours, Application Provider shall make an
          initial response to Severity 2 maintenance calls within four (4) hours
          after receipt. Application Provider shall make commercially reasonable
          efforts to provide a fix or work around for Severity 2 bugs within
          five (5) business days.
     i)   Provided that maintenance calls are received within Application
          Provider's maintenance hours. Application Provider shall make an
          initial response to Severity 3 maintenance calls within twenty-four
          (24) hours after receipt. Application Provider shall make reasonable
          efforts to identify a resolution to Severity 3 bugs within thirty (30)
          days.
     j)   Provided that all maintenance calls are received within Application
          Provider's business hours, Application Provider shall make an initial
          response to Severity 4 maintenance call within forty-eight (48) hours
          after receipt. Severity 4 issues will be dealt with on a case-by-case
          basis and no blanket commitments will be made.
     k)   Excite@Home shall appoint one (1) person as the principal point of
          contact for the communication of bugs and errors to Application
          Provider and for the receipt of bug and error fixes, work arounds and
          updates, if any. Additionally Excite@Home may appoint another person
          as a backup of the principal contact.
2.   UPTIME GUARANTEE
     a)   The Co-Branded Application shall not experience more than two outages
          (unscheduled downtime) of more than two hours during any one month. In
          addition, the Co-Branded Application  shall have at least the following
          uptime as measured monthly, excluding planned downtime:
          i)   First six months after launch of the Co-Branded Application :
               98.8%.
                                       41
   42
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
          ii)  Months 7-12 following launch of the Co-Branded Application :
               99.4%.
          iii) Remainder of the Term of the Agreement: 99.5%.
     b)   Application Provider will notify Excite@Home within fifteen (15)
          minutes of any known and verified unscheduled downtime of the
          Co-Branded Application  and update the status to Excite@Home each and
          every hour until service is back up. Application Provider will
          immediately notify Excite@Home when service is restored.
3.   SYSTEM PERFORMANCE
     a)   Latency of any data from the time Application Provider's server
          receives a request to serve data to the time when Application
          Provider's server begins to serve such data shall be less than or
          equal to three seconds, except that latency of login/account creation
          shall be no greater than five seconds in at least 90% of all cases,
          and in no case shall PIN presentment be in excess of ten seconds,
          independent of network or Internet conditions.
     b)   Throughput of all data being served directly to the end user shall be
          sustained at least 50Kbits/sec as measured by Excite@Home's monitoring
          stations in at least 80% of all monitored cases.
4.   PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT
     a)   Application Provider shall provide outage reports to Excite@Home upon
          request.
                                       42
   43
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                   EXHIBIT I
             APPLICATION PROVIDERS DATA RESTRICTED NAMED COMPANIES
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000Netcentives
     MyPoints.com
     Cybergold
     beenz.com
     YesMail
     Lifeminders
     Net Creations
     Double Click
     24/7
     Net Perceptions
     Engage Technologies
     Broadvision
     Personify
     Andromedia
     Befree
     Linkshare
     Brodiq
     Q-Pass
     Younology
                                       43
   44
*****Confidential Treatment has been requested for portions of this agreement.
The copy file herewith omits information subject to the confidentiality request.
Omissions are designated as [*****]. A complete version of this agreement has
been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
*****
Source: INVENDA CORP, S-1/A, 8/28/2000EXHIBIT 10.11
                                                     CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
                                                    Portions indicated by a
                                                    [***] have been omitted
                                                    and filed separately
                                                    with the Commission
PCQUOTE
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This agreement is made effective   Oct. 11, 1996 by and between PC QUOTE,
INC. (hereinafter referred to as "PCQ"), a Delaware Corporation with its
principal place of business at 300 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois
60605 and AB Wately, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "ABW") with its
principal place of business at 33 West 17th Street, New York, NY  10011.
This agreement shall apply to said ABW and all of its subsidiaries and
related companies.
Definitions:
SOFTWARE
PC QUOTE 6.0-TM- for Windows on the Internet is a software application that
displays market data information, provided via the digital Hyperfeed, in the
form of quotes, charts, graphs, tables, board views, tickers and other
analytical tools.
HYPERFEED
The PC Quote proprietary digital data feed transmitted via satellite, land
line, or Internet with advanced compression technology, containing financial
market information obtained by PCQ from the institutions and exchanges listed
in Section 5 of this Agreement.  This market data includes stock quotes,
futures and options trading, commodities, and other related information.
Witnesseth:
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, and in consideration
of the mutual covenants and conditions herein set forth, and with the intent
to be legally bound thereby, ABW and PCQ hereby agree to the following:
1.  The Co-Branded Service
     A.  PCQ agrees to allow ABW to co-brand the PCQ SOFTWARE in order to
provide a value added service on ABW's World Wide Web site.  The co-branded
SOFTWARE will be made available via ABW software housed at the ABW office
listed in this Agreement.  The server will be accessed by all ABW subscribers
in order to download the SOFTWARE and receive the HYPERFEED.
     B.  PCQ will provide a continuous HYPERFEED to the ABW servers; however,
PCQ will control the receipt of the HYPERFEED by ABW clients via a remote
access server on PCQ's site that will authorize each new ABW account.  ABW
agrees to sign up all new subscribers to the co-branded service, including
execution of all applicable service and exchange agreements, will send to PCQ
the executed subscriber
agreements before access to the quote servers will be provided to ABW clients
by PCQ.  PCQ shall have the sole ability to authorize access to the market
data contained in the HYPERFEED by ABW clients.
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999D.  PCQ and Townsend shall retain title and all copyrights or
proprietary rights to the SOFTWARE and HYPERFEED provided to ABW and ABW's
clients pursuant to the Agreement.  ABW will not provide any unauthorized
access to the co-branded service, nor reproduce or redistribute the service
in any way.
     E.  ABW agrees to include the following in the co-branded pages
displaying quotes:  "All quotes provided by PC Quote, Inc."  ABW also agrees
to include the following disclaimer on the access page to the co-branded
service:
          "PC Quote is not subject to liability for truth, accuracy, or
          completeness of the market data information nor is PC Quote liable
          for errors, mistakes or omissions in the data or for any delays or
          interruptions in the end user's receipt of the data.  PC Quote does
          not warrant that the data provided may be relied upon for trading
          purposes."
     2.  Term
     A.  [***]  The effective date for purposes of this Agreement is the
contract date as specified on the signature page of this Agreement.  Neither
PCQ nor ABW shall terminate or alter this Agreement except as stated herein.
     B.  [***]  Notice expressing a desire to terminate this Agreement will
be sent by certified mail to the address indicated above.  Said termination
will be effective as of the last day of the month in which this anniversary
occurs.
     C.  Notwithstanding the provisions of (A), and (B) above, should a party
to this Agreement be in material breach of the Agreement, the other party may
terminate the Agreement thirty (30) days after notice of said material breach
is received, and only if such material breach is not cured within thirty (30)
days of receipt of notice.
     3.  Payment For Service
     A.  Beginning with the date specified on the fee schedule attached
hereto as Schedule A, or upon completion of the Installation and testing of
all equipment and services, which ever is later.  ABW will commence payment
of a monthly fee for the right to permit access by ABW's clients to said
SOFTWARE and HYPERFEED.
     B.  The charges for the services set forth in this Agreement shall be
invoiced monthly.  ABW agrees to pay said charges within thirty (30) days of
the monthly invoice date.  ABW may issue a purchase order for billing
purposes.  The invoices must reference that purchase order number and be sent
to the "Bill To" address stated on the purchase order.  The terms of this
negotiated Agreement shall supercede those contained on that purchase order.
     C.  All payments will be made in US Dollars drawn on a US bank.  ABW
will provide a complete list of all clients using the format described in
Schedule B with each payment.
     D.  Any payments which have not been received by PCQ within thirty (30)
days of the Invoice date shall be subject to a FINANCE CHARGE of 1.0% per month
which is a corresponding ANNUAL
PERCENTAGE RATE of 12% on the outstanding balance.
     F.   Any invoice submitted by PCQ shall be deemed correct unless ABW
advises PCQ in writing, within thirty (30) days of the receipt of the invoice,
that it disagrees with the invoice and specifies the nature of the disagreement.
     G.   Any sales, use, excise, value added and local property taxes will be
payable by ABW should such taxes be applicable.
     H.   In the event that any invoice is not paid by ABW within forty-five
(45) days after receipt, and when no discrepancy issues have been identified by
ABW which are in some stage of resolution, after giving notice to ABW, PCQ may
terminate this agreement and ABW's access to and use of SOFTWARE and HYPERFEED
provided hereunder unless ABW pays such invoice prior to the termination date
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999specified in the Termination Notice.  The remedies contained herein are
cumulative and are in addition to all other rights and remedies available to PCQ
under this Agreement, by operation of law, or otherwise.
     I.   Upon termination as provided for in this Agreement, ABW will pay all
charges for services and fees for the entire month in which that termination
becomes effective.
4. Technical Support
     A.   ABW agrees to field all initial customer support requests and assist
its clients to the best of its knowledge and ability.  If the support issue is
of a complex nature that ABW is unable to solve, ABW may forward the call on to
the PCQ technical support staff.
5. Exchange Authorization
     A.   The ABW hereby acknowledges and agrees that the HYPERFEED provided
under this Agreement contains market information obtained, selected and
consolidated by PCQ under the authority of various agencies, including but not
limited to, the New York Stock Exchange, American Stock Exchange, Pacific Stock
Exchange, Midwest Stock Exchange, Chicago Board Options Exchange, the Options
Price Reporting Authority, the Consolidated Tape Association, Chicago Board of
Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange/International Monetary Market, Kansas City
Board of Trade, Minneapolis Grain Exchange, Commodities Exchange Center, New
York Futures Exchange, Mid-America Commodity Exchange, and Consolidated Canadian
Group and that the ABW's use of the service for internal or external
redistribution of date is authorized and regulated by said agencies.
6. Limitations of Liability, Remedies On Default
     A.   The information and data used in the HYPERFEED and SOFTWARE
provided under this Agreement, including option prices, stock prices,
commodity prices, dividends, dividend dates, volatilities, deltas and other
variables, are obtained by PCQ from the various exchanges and other sources
which are believed to be reliable and PCQ agrees to run reasonable control
checks thereon to verify that the data transmitted by PCQ is the same as the
data received from the various exchanges and other sources.  However, PCQ
shall not be subject to liability for truth, accuracy, or completeness of the
information received by PCQ from the various exchanges and other sources and
conveyed to ABW or for errors, mistakes or omissions therein or for any
delays or interruptions of the HYPERFEED or SOFTWARE from whatever cause.
This agreement does not violate any agency requirements and PCQ has the right
to enter into this agreement from its information providers.
     B.   PCQ shall not be responsible for, nor be in default under this
Agreement due to delays or failure of performance resulting from Internet
Service Provider delivery problems or failure, or any communication or delivery
problems associated with the Internet in general.  Furthermore, PCQ and ABW
shall not be responsible for nor in default due to acts or causes beyond its
control, including but not limited to: acts of God, strikes, lockouts,
communications line or equipment failures, power failures, earthquakes, or other
disasters.  Should such an occurrence render the HYPERFEED or SOFTWARE
inoperable or unavailable for a period over ten (10) days, then ABW shall have
the right to discount their billing in proportion to the delay.
     C.   LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FROM ANY AND ALL CAUSES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROGRAM MALFUNCTION OR OPERATIONAL NEGLIGENCE, SHALL BE
LIMITED TO GENERAL MONEY DAMAGES IN AN AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL CHARGES
PAID BY ABW FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE MOST RECENT TWELVE (12) MONTHS OF THE
AGREEMENT. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL BE THE EXTENT OF PCQ OR ABW'S LIABILITY
REGARDLESS OF THE FORM IN WHICH ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT
AGAINST PCQ OR ABW, AND THE FOREGOING SHALL CONSTITUTE PCQ'S OR ABW'S SOLE
REMEDY.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR
SPECIAL INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH ABW OR PCQ INCUR
OR EXPERIENCE ON ACCOUNT OF ENTERING INTO OR RELYING ON THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN
IF PCQ OR ABW HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. Exclusion of Warranties
It is expressly understood and agreed to by the parties hereto that EXCEPT AS
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.
8. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information
     A.   ABW understands and acknowledges the proprietary nature of the
HYPERFEED and SOFTWARE provided by PCQ and that said HYPERFEED and SOFTWARE have
been developed as a trade secret of PCQ and at its expense.  ABW agrees to hold
said information in the same manner as ABW deals with its own proprietary
information and trade secrets.  Furthermore, ABW agrees not to attempt any
reverse engineering of the HYPERFEED to decode the signals used by PCQ in
transmitting the information.
     B.   PCQ understands the proprietary nature of any information belonging to
ABW, and recognizes the harm that can be occasioned to user by disclosure of
information relative to ABW's activities, PCQ agrees to hold such information in
the same manner as PCQ deals with its own proprietary information and trade
secrets.
     C.   PCQ acknowledges the confidential nature of ABW's use of the SOFTWARE
and HYPERFEED during the initial term of this agreement.  Due to the unannounced
platform on which ABW shall make available its electronic service to its client
during this initial term, PCQ shall in no way disclose to other parties the
substance nor acknowledge the existence of this agreement.  Any advertising or
disclosure of the relationship between the parties, use of either's marks, names
or reference by the other shall be approved by both parties prior to release.
9. Indemnification
     A.   ABW hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless PCQ, its
employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless, including reasonable
attorney's fees, from and against any of the following:
     1.   Any and all claims, liabilities, and obligations claimed by any third
     party or parties against PCQ and arising directly out of ABW's use of the
     Service.
     2.   Any and all claims, liabilities, or obligations resulting from ABW's
     misrepresentations, negligence, willful misconduct, breach of warranty or
     non-performance of any of the covenants or obligations under this Agreement
     or from any misrepresentations or omissions made by ABW to PCQ, including
     specifically, but not limited to, any authority required of ABW pursuant to
     Section 6 hereof.
     B.   Such indemnification by ABW shall only be effective if the claim,
liability or obligation claimed by the third party is in no way related to PCQ's
negligence, willful misconduct or failure to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement.
     C.   PCQ hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold ABW harmless,
including reasonable attorney's fees, from and against any claim that the
SOFTWARE or HYPERFEED infringes on the patent, copyright or other proprietary
rights of another, including any and all claims, liabilities, or obligations
resulting from PCQ's negligence, willful misconduct, misrepresentations, breach
of warranty or non-performance of any of the covenants or obligations under this
Agreement.
     D.   Such indemnification by PCQ shall only be effective if:
     1.   The claim, liability or obligation claimed by the third party is in no
     way related to ASW'S negligence, willful misconduct or failure to perform
     any of its obligations under this Agreement.
     2.   ABW notifies PCQ promptly in writing of any claim or threatened claim
     against ABW and thereafter cooperates with PCQ so that PCQ will not be
     prejudiced in the defense, settlement or other handling thereof and ABW
     permits PCQ, at PCQ's option and expense, to control the defense,
     settlement or other handling of such claim.
10. Assignment
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999This Agreement or any rights or obligations granted hereunder may not be
assigned by ABW without the prior written consent of PCQ.
11. Applicable Law and Venue
     This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects
in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, except with regards to its
rules regarding choice of law.  Each party irrevocably consents to the
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Illinois and the federal courts
situated in the State of Illinois, in connection with any action to enforce the
provisions of this Agreement, to recover damages or other relief for breach or
default under this Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of this
Agreement.
12. Severability and Survival
     A.   Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
     B.   The provisions dealing with indemnification and confidentiality and
any other section of this Agreement,
unless specifically stated otherwise, which may reasonably be interpreted or
construed as surviving the completion, expiration, termination or cancellation
of this Agreement, shall survive the completion, expiration, termination or
cancellation of this Agreement.
13. Miscellaneous Provisions
     A.   The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors with
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and carry
out the transactions contemplated hereby.  Neither party is a ABW or
representative of the other party.  Neither party shall have any right, power or
authority to enter into any agreement for or on behalf of, or incur any
obligation or liability of, or to otherwise bind, the other party.  This
Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an association, joint
venture or partnership between the parties or to impose any partnership
obligation or liability upon either party.
     B.   Any notice, approval, request, authorization, direction or other
communication under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed
to have been delivered and given for all purposes, (i) on the delivery date if
delivered personally to the party to whom the same is directed, or (ii) three
business days after the mailing date, whether or not actually received, if sent
by registered U.S. mail postage and charges prepaid, to the address of the party
to whom the same is directed as set forth in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement.  Either party may change its address specified above by giving the
other party notice of such change in accordance with this Section 13.B.
     All notices delivered to ABW shall be delivered to the address above,
attention:
          Harry Simpson
          AB Watley
     C.   The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce strict
performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement or to exercise
any right under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or
relinquishment to any extent of such party's right to assert or rely upon any
such provision of right in that or any other instance; rather, the same shall be
and remain in full force and effect.
14. Entire Agreement
     A.   As used herein, the term "Agreement" includes any written amendments,
modifications or supplements made in accordance herewith.
     B.   ABW and PCQ acknowledge that they have read this Agreement, understand
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999it, and agree to be bound by its terms and further acknowledge and agree that it
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes all other
proposals, oral or written, and all other communications between the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and this Agreement may not be modified or
terminated orally.  No amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless it
is in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto hereby execute this Agreement.
AGREED TO:
PC QUOTE, INC.
By: /s/ Richard F. Chappeto
    -----------------------------
Name:   Richard F. Chappeto
Title:  Vice President
Date:   10-11-96
     ----------------------------
A.B. WATLEY, INC.
By: /s/ Steven Malin
   ------------------------------
Name:   Steven Malin
     ----------------------------
Title:  Director
---------------------------
Date:   10-11-96
----------------------------
SCHEDULE A
TO THE CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN
PC QUOTE, INC. AND A.B. WATLEY, INC. DATED OCTOBER 11, 1996
SCHEDULE OF SERVICES AND FEES
[***]
By:  PC Quote, Inc. By:  A.B. Watley, Inc.
 
/s/ Richard F. Chappeto /s/ Steven Malin
- -------------------------------- -------------------------------
Source: PCQUOTE COM INC, S-1/A, 7/21/1999CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT
THIS CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made
as of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date") by and between I-ESCROW,
INC., with its principal place of business at 1730 S. Amphlett
Blvd., Suite 233, San Mateo, California 94402 ("i-Escrow"), and
2THEMART.COM, INC. having its principal place of business at 18301
Von Karman Avenue, 7th Floor, Irvine, California 92612 ("2TheMart").
1. DEFINITIONS.
(a) "CONTENT" means all content or information, in any medium,
provided by a party to the other party for use in conjunction
with the performance of its obligations hereunder, including
without limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video,
graphics, data or software. Content provided by 2TheMart
is referred to herein as "2TheMart Content" and Content
provided by i-Escrow is referred to herein as "i-Escrow Content."
(b) "CO-BRANDED SITE" means the web-site accessible through
Domain Name, for the Services implemented by i-Escrow. The
homepage of this web-site will visibly display both
2TheMart Marks and i-Escrow Marks.
(c) "CUSTOMERS" means all users who access Co-Branded Site.
(d) "DOMAIN NAME" means www.iescrow.com/2TheMart.
(e) "ESCROW SERVICES" means services for auction
sellers and high bidders whereby an agent holds a
buyer's money in trust until the buyer approves the
applicable item that was physically delivered, at
which time the agent releases the buyer's money
to seller, after subtracting the escrow fees.
(f) "INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM" means the
mechanism by which 2TheMart transfers to i-Escrow
information to populate the applicable i-Escrow
transaction and user registration forms.
(g) "LAUNCH DATE" means the first date on which the
Co-Branded Site is pointed to in all references to
i-Escrow from 2TheMart auction site, and the
Information Transfer Mechanism is publicly
deployed (post-beta).
(h) "MARKS" means all domain names, trademarks and
logos designated by a party for the other party's use in
conjunction with such other party's performance under
this Agreement.  Marks designated by 2TheMart for
i-Escrow's use are referred to herein as "2TheMart
Marks" and Marks designated by i-Escrow for 2TheMart'
use are referred to herein as "i-Escrow Marks."
(i) "SERVICES" means i-Escrow's implementation
and performance of the Escrow Services as of the
Effective Date, as modified over time.
(j) "SHADOW SITE" means the site where Co-Branded Site
is made available for 2TheMart's testing of the
Information Transfer Mechanism prior to being
made publicly available.
(k) "TRANSACTION" means a transaction utilizing the
Services that actually closes and that was
initiated by a Transaction Inquiry from a Customer.
(l) "TRANSACTION INQUIRY" means a Customer's
submission of i-Escrow's standard New Transaction
Inquiry form (or its successor) on or through the
Co-Branded Pages.  Currently this means entry of a
description and price of merchandise by a user (buyer
or seller) who agrees to abide by the terms and
conditions of the Services, together with email address
of the other party, regardless of whether or not
any Transaction is completed.
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19992. DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.
2.1 OVERVIEW.  As set forth herein, 2TheMart will promote
Services to its auction users (buyers and sellers),
and i-Escrow shall develop Co-Branded Site,
and develop the Information Transfer
Mechanism working with 2TheMart to make
Services available seamlessly to Customers.
Unless otherwise specified, each party shall
be responsible for all development, hosting
and other costs associated with the pages
resident on their servers and all emails to
users they send.
2.2 INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT.
The parties shall negotiate in good faith to determine
the initial operation of the Information
Transfer Mechanism and to describe such
operation and development fees, in a
statement of work ("SOW").  Each party shall
make available sufficient and qualified
engineers to negotiate the SOW.  No SOW
shall be binding on the parties unless
mutually approved by both parties.  In the
event that the parties are unable to agree
to an SOW within 2 months following the
Effective Date, either party may, in its
sole discretion, terminate this Agreement by
providing written notice.
Once approved, the parties shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to
diligently implement their respective
obligations under the SOW.  Upon completion
of its duties under the SOW, a party shall
notify the other party and provide the other
party with the opportunity to test and
evaluate its work. i-Escrow shall make
available the Shadow Site for such testing
in a timely manner. Each party shall
reasonably cooperate with the other party in
effectuating their respective duties under
the SOW.  The Information Transfer Mechanism
shall not go live until its operation has
been approved ("Approval Date") by both
parties, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld.
2.3 LAUNCH TIMING.  Each party shall use good faith
and reasonable efforts to expeditiously develop the
Co-Branded Pages and the Information
Transfer Mechanism.  In the event that,
after using such efforts, the Launch Date
has not occurred within 4 months following
the Effective Date, either party may
terminate this Agreement by providing
written notice.  If
only one party has used good faith and reasonable development
efforts, only that party may exercise the
foregoing right to terminate.
2.4 RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS.  i-Escrow may place
banner advertising on the Co-Branded Site
upon prior written approval of 2TheMart,
which shall be at the discretion of 2TheMart.  All
advertising revenue arising from the banner ads shall be
solely i-Escrow's.  i-Escrow shall not run
banner advertisements on the Co-Branded Site
for any of 2TheMart's competitors. 2TheMart
shall provide in writing, a list of companies they would
like to exclude, including every time
they wish to change this list.
2.5 SERVICE PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION TRANSFER
MECHANISM.  The parties each shall in good faith work to
provide reasonable service levels with respect to the
operation of the portions of the Information Transfer
Mechanism in their control.
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19992.6 PROGRAM REVIEW MEETINGS.  The parties shall meet, at
least once per month either in person, or by telephone, to
coordinate the implementation of this agreement over time.
3. PROMOTION.
After Launch Date, 2TheMart will widely promote the Services:
(a) To every seller and high bidder through means
including, but not limited to, end of auction
emails containing links, such that, it shall be
possible for the buyer or seller to initiate a
Transaction Inquiry with i-Escrow, without
having to re-enter all their personal or
transaction related information.
(b)  By adding links to Co-Branded Site in FAQ
section of 2TheMart auctions.
(c) By adding links to Co-Branded Site on the
seller listing pages of 2TheMart auctions.
(d) By displaying a text or graphic link to a
page containing information about Services on
all auction item pages and bidding pages to
educate bidders about i-Escrow. 2TheMart
may use the "Escrow Services Description" attached
in Exhibit A for creating such a page.
5. PAYMENT.
5.1 ADVERTISING FEES.  After the Launch Date,
i-Escrow shall pay 2TheMart advertising fees based
on the number of Transaction Inquiries. This advertising
fees shall consist of a per Transaction Inquiry
amount calculated by multiplying 0.025% by
the amount of the average Transaction from
all Customers in the preceding quarter. The
formula for arriving at the per Transaction
Inquiry amount may be revised from time to
time during the term of this Agreement to
reflect present market conditions ("the
Adjusted Rate"), but only by mutual
consent of the parties after good faith discussions.
The Adjusted Rate shall be added as an
addendum to this Agreement.
5.2 REPORTING.  Within two (2) weeks following the
end of each calendar quarter, i-Escrow shall provide
to 2TheMart a report, describing for each quarter: the
number of new registrations through the
Co-Branded Pages; the number of Transaction
Inquiries from Customers; the total number
of Transactions from such inquiries; the
total dollar value of the Transactions.
5.3 AUDIT RIGHTS. i-Escrow shall keep for one (1) year proper
records and books of account relating to the
computation of advertising payments owed to
2TheMart (including, as appropriate, the
computation of the size of average
Transaction).  Once every twelve (12)
months, 2TheMart through a CPA may inspect
and audit such records to verify reports.
Any such inspection will be conducted in a
manner that does not unreasonably interfere
with i-Escrow's business activities and with
no less than fifteen (15) days notice.
i-Escrow shall within two (2) weeks make any
overdue payments disclosed by the audit.
Such inspection shall be at 2TheMart's
expense; however, if the audit reveals
overdue payments in excess of ten percent
(10%) of the payments owed to date, i-Escrow
shall immediately pay all cost of such
audit.
6. RIGHTS AND STANDARDS.
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19996.1 CONTENT. 2TheMart hereby grants
to i-Escrow a worldwide,
non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,
distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display and digitally perform the 2TheMart
Content soley with respect to  and in
conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all
with the prior written consent of 2TheMart,
for the term of this Agreement.  i-Escrow
hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide,
non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,
distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display and digitally perform the i-Escrow
Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart
auctions.
6.2 CONTENT OWNERSHIP.  Except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement, as between 2TheMart and i-Escrow:
(a) 2TheMart and its suppliers retain all
rights, title and interest in and to all
intellectual property rights embodied in or
associated with the 2TheMart Content, and b)
i-Escrow and its suppliers retain all
rights, title and interest in and to all
intellectual property rights embodied in or
associated with the i-Escrow Content and
Co-Branded Site.  There are no implied
licenses under this Agreement, and any
rights not expressly granted are reserved.
Neither party shall exceed the scope of the
rights granted hereunder.
6.3 TRADEMARKS.  Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to
2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable
right to use the i-Escrow Marks (including
without limitation the Domain Name) in links
to and advertisements and promotions for the
Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b)
2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a
non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use
2TheMart Marks (including without limitation
the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages,
and for the performance of  Services.
6.4 TRADEMARK RESTRICTIONS.  The Mark owner may
terminate the foregoing rights if, in its reasonable
discretion, the other party's use of the
Marks tarnishes, blurs or dilutes the
quality associated with the Marks or the
associated goodwill and such problem is not
cured within ten (10) days of notice of
breach; alternatively, instead of
terminating the right in total, the
owner may specify that certain pages of the other
party's web-site may not contain the Marks.
Title to and ownership of the owner's Marks
shall remain with the owner.  The receiving
party shall use the Marks exactly in the
form provided and in conformance with any
trademark usage policies.  The other party
shall not take any action inconsistent with
the owner's ownership of the Marks, and any
benefits accruing from use of such Marks
shall automatically vest in the owner.  The
other party shall not form any combination
marks with the other party's Marks.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
that the Domain Name is deemed a combination
mark, neither party shall use the Domain
Name for any purpose except as expressly
provided herein or attempt to register the
Domain Name, and the parties will jointly
cooperate on any enforcement action of
infringement of the Domain Name.
6.5 LIMITS ON SUBLICENSING.  All rights (under any
applicable intellectual property right)
granted herein are not sublicenseable,
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999transferable or assignable.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, either party may use a third
party web host, but all actions or failures
to act of the web host that would be a
breach of this Agreement, were the actions
or failures to act taken by the applicable
party, shall be deemed a breach of this
Agreement.  In addition, 2TheMart may grant
sublicenses to companies that 2TheMart has a
business relationship with to the extent
that 2TheMart Content is visible from such
company's web-site through a link or other
means.
6.6 CONTENT STANDARDS. 2TheMart shall not provide any
2TheMart Content, and i-Escrow shall not provide any
i-Escrow Content, that: (a) infringes any
third party's copyright, patent, trademark,
trade secret or other proprietary rights or
rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violates
any law, statute, ordinance or regulation
(including without limitation the laws and
regulations governing export control, unfair
competition, antidiscrimination or false
advertising); (c) is defamatory, trade
libelous, unlawfully threatening or
unlawfully harassing; (d) is obscene,
harmful to minors or child pornographic; (e)
contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms,
time bombs, cancelbots or other computer
programming routines that are intended to
damage, detrimentally interfere with,
surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any
system, data or personal information; and
(f) is materially false, misleading or
inaccurate.
6.7  SERVICE STANDARDS. i-Escrow will comply with
all laws and regulations and act as an Independent Escrow
Agent as per the guidelines of California Escrow Law
(California Financial Code Section17000 et seq., or its
successor).  Should any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of this Agreement conflict with the California
Escrow Law, its rules or regulations, which govern
i-Escrow's business practices, the California
Escrow Law shall prevail. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time that i-Escrow reasonably believes
such a conflict exists, i-Escrow will give 2TheMart
written notice of such conflict and the parties
will use their best efforts to resolve such conflict.
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  EACH PARTY PROVIDES ALL
MATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER PARTY "AS IS."  EACH
PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
TITLE, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Each party acknowledges that it
has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any
warranty or representation except those
specifically set forth herein.
8. TERM AND TERMINATION.
8.1 TERM.  The term of this Agreement shall continue for
one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier
terminated as provided herein. This Agreement may be
renewed for any number of successive one (1)
year terms by mutual written agreement of
the parties prior to the conclusion of the
term of this Agreement.  A party wishing to
renew this Agreement shall give the other
party notice thereof no less than thirty
(30) days before the expiration of the term
then in effect.  In the event that either
party does not give such notice, the term of
this Agreement shall be automatically
renewed for another one (1) year.
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/19998.2 TERMINATION FOR BREACH.  In addition to other remedies that
may be available to it, by providing written notice, a party
may immediately terminate this Agreement: (a) if the other party
materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure that
breach within sixty (60) days after receiving written
notice of the breach, or (b) as provided in Sections 2.2  [INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT] ,
2.4  [RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS] , or 12.4.
8.3 TERMINATION FOR CHANGE IN COMPANY STRUCTURE.  If a
majority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart or
i-Escrow, Inc. (except that i-Escrow may sell all or a
majority of its equity securities or voting interests
to i-Escrow.com, and i-Escrow.com may sell all or a
majority of its equity securities or voting interests
to i-Escrow's existing shareholders, without triggering
the foregoing) are acquired by another company during
the term of this Agreement either company may terminate
this Agreement, without liability, by giving a thirty
(30) days written notice to the other party.
8.4 TERMINATION FOR BANKRUPTCY. Either party may terminate
or suspend this Agreement effective immediately and without
liability upon written notice to the other party if
any one of the following events occurs:
(a) the other party files a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy or otherwise seeks protection under any
law for the protection of debtors;
(b) a proceeding is instituted against the
other party under any provision of any
bankruptcy laws which is not dismissed within
ninety (90) days;
(c) the other party is adjudged  bankrupt;
(d) a court assumes jurisdiction of all or a
substantial portion of the assets of the other party
under a reorganization law;
(e) a trustee or receiver is appointed by a court
for all or a substantial portion of the assets
of the other party;
(f) the other party becomes insolvent, ceases or
suspends all or substantially all of its business; or
(g) the other party makes an assignment of the
majority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.
8.5 EFFECTS OF TERMINATION.  Upon expiration or termination
of this Agreement for any reason: (a) all rights granted
herein shall terminate, (b) i-Escrow shall pay all amounts
owed to 2TheMart within six (6) weeks of termination,
and (c) each party shall remove the other party's content
and Marks from their servers.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, unless this Agreement was terminated for a
material breach, all provisions of this Agreement shall
survive to the extent necessary for i-Escrow to complete
any Customer transactions which are pending at the time
of expiration or termination.  Sections 1, 7,   8.5  [EFFECTS OF TERMINATION] , 9,
10, 11 and 12 shall survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
9. INDEMNITY.  Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall
indemnify the other party (the "Indemnified Party")
against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, which the Indemnified
Party may incur as a result of claims in any form
by third parties arising from the Indemnifying Party's
acts, omissions or misrepresentations to the extent that the
Indemnified Party is deemed a principal of the Indemnifying
Party.  In addition, 2TheMart shall indemnify i-Escrow against
any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, which i-Escrow may incur as a result
of claims in any form by third parties arising from 2TheMart
Content.  In addition, i-Escrow shall indemnify 2TheMart against
any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, which 2TheMart may incur as a result
of claims in any form by third parties arising from i-Escrow
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999Content and or the Services provided to Customers.  The
foregoing obligations are conditioned on the Indemnified Party:
(i) giving the Indemnifying Party notice of the relevant
claim, (ii) cooperating with the Indemnifying Party, at the
Indemnifying Party's expense, in the defense of such
claim, and (iii) giving the Indemnifying Party the right to
control the defense and settlement of any such claim, except
that the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into any
settlement that affects the Indemnified Party's rights or
interest without the Indemnified Party's prior written approval.
The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate
in the defense at its expense.
10. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.  EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A
BREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS
(HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE
AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
11. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  A party's "Confidential Information"
is defined as any confidential or proprietary
information of a party which is disclosed to
the other party in a writing marked
confidential or, if disclosed orally, is
identified as confidential at the time of
disclosure and is subsequently reduced to a
writing marked confidential and delivered to
the
other party within ten (10) days of
disclosure.  Each party shall hold the other
party's Confidential Information in
confidence and shall not disclose such
Confidential Information to third parties
nor use the other party's Confidential
Information for any purpose other than as
required to perform under this Agreement.
Such restrictions shall not apply to
Confidential Information which (a) is
already known by the recipient, (b) becomes,
through no act or fault of the recipient,
publicly known, (c) is received by recipient
from a third party without a restriction on
disclosure or use, or (d) is independently
developed by recipient without reference to
the Confidential Information.  The
restriction on disclosure shall not apply to
Confidential Information which is required
to be disclosed by a court or government
agency. Upon expiration or termination of
this Agreement, within fourteen (14) days of
the other party's request, each party will
return all Confidential Information and
other deliverables to the requesting party.
12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
12.1 GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement will be governed
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California without giving effect to conflict of laws
principles.  Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction
in California and further agree that any cause of action
arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court
in Orange County, California.
12.2 SEVERABILITY; HEADINGS.  If any provision herein is held
to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the
remaining provisions will continue in full force without being
impaired or invalidated in any way.  The parties agree to replace
any invalid provision with a valid provision that most
closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the
invalid provision.  Headings are for reference purposes only and
in no way define, limit, construe or describe the
scope or extent of such section.
12.3 PUBLICITY.  Prior to the release of any press releases or other
similar promotional materials related to this Agreement, the
releasing party shall submit a written request for approval to the
other party with a copy of the materials to be released, which
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999request shall be made no less than three (3) business days prior to
the requested release date.  A party shall not unreasonably withhold
or delay the granting of its approval of such materials,
and such approval shall be provided to the other party within one
(1) business day of receipt
12.4 FORCE MAJEURE.  Except as otherwise provided, if performance
hereunder (other than payment) is prevented, restricted or
interfered with by any act or condition whatsoever beyond the
reasonable control of a party (a "force majeure event"), the
party so affected, upon giving prompt notice to the other party,
shall be excused from such performance to the extent
of such prevention, restriction or interference.  However, if a
force majeure event interferes with the operation of this
Agreement for sixty (60) days or more, either party can terminate
this Agreement, without penalty.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the occurrence of any force majeure event shall not
limit either party's obligations under Section 9 with respect to
any third party claim as to which the other party seeks
indemnification.
12.5 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.  The parties are independent
contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-
employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is
intended or created by this Agreement.  Neither party shall
make any warranties or representations on behalf of the other
party.
12.6 NOTICE.  Any notices hereunder shall be given to the
appropriate party at the address specified below or at such other
address as the party shall specify in writing.  Notice shall
be deemed given: upon personal delivery; if sent by fax, upon
confirmation of receipt; or if sent by a reputable overnight
courier with tracking capabilities, one (1) day after the date of
mailing:
To i-Escrow:            i-Escrow, Inc.
                        1730 South Amphlett Blvd., #215
                        San Mateo, CA 94402
                        Fax no. (650) 638-7890
                        Attention:  President
With copy to:           Fred M. Greguras, Esq.
                        Legal Counsel of i-Escrow
                        Fenwick & West LLP
                        Two Palo Alto Square
                        Palo Alto, CA 94306
To 2TheMart:            Dominic J. Magliarditi
                        President
                        18301 Von Karman Avenue,
                        7th Floor
                        Irvine, CA 92612
                        Fax no. (949) 477-1221
11.7 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and
all of which shall be taken together and deemed to be one
instrument.
12.8 GOOD FAITH.  The parties agree to act in good faith with
respect to each provision of this Agreement and any dispute
that may arise related hereto.
12.9 ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS/INFORMATION. The parties agree to
sign and/or provide such additional documents and/or information
as may reasonably be required to carry out the intent of
this Agreement and to effectuate its purposes.
12.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. The rights and remedies
provided herein will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other
rights or remedies provided by law or otherwise.
12.11 NONWAIVER.   No failure or forbearance by either party to
exercise any right or insist upon or enforce performance of
any obligation hereunder shall be deemed a waiver or
relinquishment to any extent of that or any other right or
obligation, in that or any other instance; rather, the
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999same shall be and shall remain in full force and effect.
Any waiver of any right of a party or any obligation of the
other party hereunder must be made in a writing signed by the
arty waiving such right or obligation.
12.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement contains the entire
understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the
transactions and matters contemplated hereby, supersedes
all previous Agreements between i-Escrow and 2TheMart
concerning the subject matter (except for the Confidential
Agreement Dated January 4 1999, which shall survive this
Agreement).  No amendments or supplements to this Agreement
will be effective for any purpose except by a
written Agreement signed by the parties.  No party hereto
has relied on any statement, representation or promise of any
party or with any other officer, agent, employee or
attorney for the other party in executing this Agreement
except as expressly stated herein.
2THEMART.COM, INC.:                         I-ESCROW, INC.:
By:/s/Dominic J. Magliarditi                By:/s/Sanjay Bajaj
Name: Dominic J. Magliarditi                Name: Sanjay Bajaj
Title: President                            Title: VP Business Development
Date: 6/21/99                               Date: 6/11/99
                        EXHIBIT A
               ESCROW SERVICES DESCRIPTION
Successful completion of a transaction involves exchange of merchandise
with payment. The buyer has to be satisfied he/she received what they
thought they were getting and the seller has to be sure he/she
gets paid. i-Escrow holds payment from the buyer in trust until the
seller sends the merchandise to the buyer. Once the buyer
accepts the merchandise, i-Escrow forwards the payment to the
seller by writing a check.  A typical escrow transaction:
When an auction ends, your end of auction email contains links to
i-Escrow. Once you have signed up with i-Escrow   you go
through the following steps to complete your transaction.
1.   Start a transaction by entering the description and price of the
merchandise along with email address of the other party.
2.   The other party receives an email from i-Escrow requesting an
acknowledgement of the terms of the transaction.
3.   Once the transaction is acknowledged by the other party, the
buyer pays i-Escrow the agreed upon price, by credit card or other means.
4.   i-Escrow informs the seller that payment has been received, requesting
them to ship the merchandise directly to the buyer.
5.   The seller provides i-Escrow with the tracking number of the shipment.
6.   The buyer receives and accepts the merchandise.
7.   i-Escrow sends the check to the seller.
For more information about I-Escrow, visit their web-site at www.iescrow.com
Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G, 8/26/1999CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                                     (FORM)
     This CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
Nov  5,  1999, (the "Effective Date") by and between NETTAXI Online Communities,
Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation with principal offices at 2165 S. Bascom Avenue,
Campbell,  California  95008  ("NETTAXI"),  and  Solutions  Media,  Inc. ,  dba
SpinRecords.com a Delaware Corporation, with offices at 11440 West Barnardo Ct.,
Suite  170,  San  Diego,  CA  32127  ("SpinRecords.com"  or  "Client").
                                    RECITALS
     A.     NETTAXI  is  in  the business of providing entertainment, education,
and  information  services over the world wide web through its Internet web site
at  http://www.NETTAXI.com.
     B.     SpinRecords.com  is  in  the business of providing entertainment and
information  services  over  the  World Wide Web through its internet website at
http://www.spinrecords.com.
     C.     NETTAXI and SpinRecords.com desire co-brand their services under the
terms  and  conditions  set  forth  herein.
                                    AGREEMENT
     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein,
the  parties  hereby  agree  as follows:
1.     DEFINITIONS
     1.1     "Spinrecords.com Brand Features" means the SpinRecords.com name and
logo  and  other  trademarks,  trade  names  and service names including but not
limited  to those set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein
                               ---------
by  reference  and  all  Intellectual  Property  Rights  related  thereto.
SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features  shall include any derivatives, improvements or
modifications  thereto  or  thereof and any Intellectual Property rights related
thereto.
     1.2     "SpinRecords.com  Pages"  means the SpinRecords.com Web-based pages
that incorporate certain SpinRecords.com services, as the same may be updated or
modified  from  time  to  time  in  SpinRecords.com's sole discretion, currently
located  at  http://www.spinrecords.com.
     1.3     "Impressions"  means  the loading of all or part of a Web page into
the  browser  of  a  User.
     1.4     "Intellectual  Property  Rights"  means  all  current  and  future
worldwide trademark, patents and patent rights, utility models, copyrights, mask
work  rights,  trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights and the
related  documentation  or  other  tangible  expression  thereof.
     1.5     "NETTAXI  Brand  Features"  means the NETTAXI name and logo and any
other  trademarks,  trade  names and service names of NETTAXI, including but not
limited  to those set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated herein
                               ---------
by reference and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto. NETTAXI Brand
Features shall include any derivatives, improvements or modifications thereto or
thereof  and  any  Intellectual  Property  rights  related  thereto.
     1.6     "NETTAXI  Pages"  means  the  NETTAXI's  Web-based  pages  that
incorporate  certain  NETTAXI  services,  as the same may be updated or modified
from  time  to  time  in  NETTAXI's  sole  discretion,  currently  located  at
http://www.NETTAXI.com.
     1.7     "Statement  of Work" means the Statement of Work attached hereto as
Exhibit  C  and  incorporated  herein  by  reference.
----------
     1.8     "User"  means  a  person using a software browser to view the World
Wide  Web.
2.     CO-BRANDING,  MARKETING  AND  PROMOTION
     2.1     The  SpinRecords.com  Pages.  SpinRecords.com  shall  brand  the
             ---------------------------
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000SpinRecords.com Pages  with the NETTAXI Brand Features  in the manner set forth in
the  Statement  of  Work.  NETTAXI will provide electronic copies of the NETTAXI
Brand  Features  upon SpinRecords.com's request. All Spinrecords.com Pages shall
display  appropriate intellectual property legends, including but not limited to
the  copyright  notice  and  trademark  references.
                                        1
     2.2     The  NETTAXI Pages.  NETTAXI shall brand certain NETTAXI Pages with
             ------------------
the  SpinRecords.com  Brand Features  in the manner set forth in the Statement of
Work.  SpinRecords.com  will  provide  electronic  copies of the SpinRecords.com
Brand  Features  upon  NETTAXI's  request.  All  NETTAXI  Pages  shall  display
appropriate  intellectual  property  legends,  including  but not limited to the
copyright  notice  and  trademark  references. NETTAXI shall not be obligated to
co-brand  those  pages containing content which NETTAXI has branded with a third
party  which:  (i)  NETTAXI  is  prohibited from co-branding pursuant to another
agreement;  (ii)  NETTAXI  is  technically  unable  to  co-brand;  or  (iii) are
commercially  unreasonable,  in  NETTAXI's  discretion,  to  co-brand.
     2.3     Marketing  by  SpinRecords.com.  Throughout  the  term  of  this
             ------------------------------
Agreement, SpinRecords.com shall use reasonable commercial efforts to market the
NETTAXI  Brand  Features   in  order  to  maximize  the number of visitors to the
NETTAXI Pages in accordance with the Statement of Work. The parties shall review
the Statement of Work and NETTAXI's marketing activities on a quarterly basis in
order  to  assess  the  performance  and  agree  upon  additional activities, if
necessary,  in  order  to  increase  usage  of  the  pages.
     2.4     Marketing  by  NETTAXI.  Throughout  the  term  of  this Agreement,
             -----------------------
NETTAXI  shall  use  reasonable commercial efforts to market the SpinRecords.com
Brand  Features  in  order  to  maximize  the  number  of  visitors  to  the
SpinRecords.com  Pages   in  accordance  with the Statement of Work.  The parties
shall review the Statement of Work and Spinrecords.com's marketing activities on
a  quarterly  basis in order to assess the performance and agree upon additional
activities,  if  necessary,  in  order  to  increase  usage  of  the  pages.
     2.5     Additional  Statements  of  Work.  If  the parties hereto desire to
             --------------------------------
engage  each  other  for  additional  services  which  are  not  included in the
Statement  of Work and which do not constitute merely a revision or modification
of  the  Statement of Work, the parties shall in good faith negotiate additional
Statements  of  Work,  each of which upon signing shall be deemed a part of this
Agreement.  Additional  Statements  of  Work  shall  be  entered  into by mutual
agreement  between NETTAXI and SpinRecords.com and shall be substantially in the
form  of  the Statement of Work attached hereto. Each Statement of Work shall be
signed  by  authorized  representatives of the parties. This Agreement may cover
more  than  one  Statement  of  Work  at  any  given  time.
3.     Licenses  AND  OWNERSHIP.
     3.1     Licenses  by  NETTAXI  to SpinRecords.com. NETTAXI hereby grants to
             -----------------------------------------
SpinRecords.com  a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty
free  license to use the NETTAXI Brand Features  as the same may be modified from
time  to  time  for  the  purposes  of  this  Agreement
     3.2     Licenses  by  SpinRecords.com  to  NETTAXI.  SpinRecords.com hereby
             -------------------------------------------
grants  NETTAXI  a  nonexclusive, worldwide, nontransferable, revocable, royalty
free  license  to display and distribute the, and make derivative works from the
SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features   and  any  enhancements,  modifications  or
improvements  thereto  as  necessary  to  carry out the terms of this Agreement.
     3.3     Ownership  by  NETTAXI.  NETTAXI  shall  own  all right, title, and
             ----------------------
interest  in  the NETTAXI Brand Features , the NETTAXI Pages and all Intellectual
Property  Rights  therein,  including  any  derivatives,  improvements  thereof,
excluding  the  SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features
     3.4     Ownership  by SpinRecords.com. Except as otherwise set forth below,
             -----------------------------
SpinRecords.com  shall own all right, title, and interest in the SpinRecords.com
Brand  Features  and  the  SpinRecords.com  Pages   and all Intellectual Property
Rights  therein,  including any derivatives, improvements thereof, excluding the
NETTAXI  Brand  Features .
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/20003.5     Impressions.  Neither  party  nor  its employees shall take actions
              ----------
which  will  artificially  increase the number of Impressions on the party's web
pages.  For  example,  a party's employees shall not repeatedly access the other
party's  web  pages.
4.     PAYMENT
     4.1     Payment.  In  consideration  of  the  duties and obligations of the
             -------
parties hereto, SpinRecords.com shall pay NETTAXI in the manner set forth in the
Statement  of  Work.
5.     REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.
     5.1     Representations  and Warranties of SpinRecords.com. SpinRecords.com
             --------------------------------------------------
hereby represents and warrants to NETTAXI that: (i) SpinRecords.com has the full
power  and  authority  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and  to  carry  out its
obligations  under  this  Agreement; (ii) SpinRecords.com has the full power and
authority to grant the rights and licenses granted to NETTAXI in this Agreement;
and  (iii)  SpinRecords.com  owns  the  SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features .
                                        2
     5.2     Representations  and  Warranties  of  NETTAXI.  NETTAXI  hereby
             ---------------------------------------------
represents  and  warrants to SpinRecords.com that (i) NETTAXI has the full power
and  authority  to  enter  into  this Agreement and to carry out its obligations
under this Agreement; (ii) NETTAXI has the full power and authority to grant the
rights  and  licenses  granted  to  SpinRecords.com in this Agreement; and (iii)
NETTAXI  owns  the  NETTAXI  Brand  Features .
     5.3     THE  NETTAXI  SERVICES  FURNISHED  AS  A  RESULT  OF  OR UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT  ARE  PROVIDED  ON  AN  "AS  IS"  BASIS,  WITHOUT  ANY  WARRANTIES  OR
REPRESENTATIONS  EXPRESS,  IMPLIED  OR STATUTORY; INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
WARRANTIES  OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR  A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE. NOR ARE THERE ANY WARRANTIES CREATED BY A COURSE OF
DEALING,  COURSE  OF  PERFORMANCE OR TRADE USAGE. NETTAXI  DOES NOT WARRANT THAT
THE SERVICES, WILL MEET SPINRECORDS.COM'S OR ANY END USERS NEEDS OR BE FREE FROM
ERRORS,  OR  THAT  THE  OPERATION  OF  ITS  WEB PAGES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. THE
FOREGOING  EXCLUSIONS  AND  DISCLAIMERS ARE AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
6.     CONFIDENTIALITY.
     6.1     Agreement  as Confidential Information. The parties shall treat the
             --------------------------------------
terms  and  conditions  and  the  existence  of  this  Agreement as Confidential
Information.  Each  party  shall  obtain  the  other's  consent  prior  to  any
publication,  presentation,  public announcement or press release concerning the
existence  or  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement.
     6.2     Confidential  Information.  "Confidential  Information"  means  all
             -------------------------
information  identified  in  written  or  oral format by the Disclosing Party as
confidential, trade secret or proprietary information, and, if disclosed orally,
summarized  in written format within thirty (30) days of disclosure. "Disclosing
Party"  is  the  party disclosing Confidential Information. "Receiving Party" is
the  party  receiving  Confidential  Information.  The Receiving Party shall not
disclose  the  Confidential Information to any third party other than persons in
the  direct  employ of the Receiving Party who have a need to have access to and
knowledge  of  the  Confidential  Information  solely for the purpose authorized
above.  Each  party shall take appropriate measures by instruction and agreement
prior  to  disclosure  to  such  employees to assure against unauthorized use or
disclosure.  The  Receiving  Party  shall  have  no  obligation  with respect to
information  which (i) was rightfully in possession of or known to the Receiving
Party  without  any obligation of confidentiality prior to receiving it from the
Disclosing  Party;  (ii)  is,  or  subsequently  becomes,  legally  and publicly
available  without breach of this Agreement; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the
Receiving  Party  from  a  source  other  than  the Disclosing Party without any
obligation  of confidentiality; (iv) is disclosed by the Receiving Party under a
valid order created by a court or government agency, provided that the Receiving
Party  provides  prior written notice to the Disclosing Party of such obligation
and  the  opportunity  to  oppose  such  disclosure.  Upon written demand of the
Disclosing  Party,  the  Receiving  Party  shall  cease  using  the Confidential
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000Information  and  return  the  Confidential Information and all copies, notes or
extracts  thereof  to  the  Disclosing Party within seven (7) days of receipt of
notice.
7.     INDEMNITY  AND  LIMITATION  OF  LIABILITY.
     7.1     Indemnification  by  Spinrecords.com. SpinRecords.com shall defend,
             ------------------------------------
indemnify and hold NETTAXI harmless from any and all damages, liabilities, costs
and expenses (including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred
by NETTAXI  as a result of (i) any breach of this Agreement; (ii) any claim that
the  SpinRecords.com  Brand  Features   or  any  part  thereof,  infringes  or
misappropriates  any  Intellectual  Property  Right  of a third party; (iii) any
claim arising out of NETTAXI's display of the SpinRecords.com Brand Features ; or
(iv)  the  operation  of  the  SpinRecords.com  Pages .  NETTAXI  shall  provide
SpinRecords.com  with  written notice of the claim and permit SpinRecords.com to
control  the  defense,  settlement,  adjustment or compromise of any such claim.
NETTAXI  may  employ counsel at its own expense to assist it with respect to any
such  claim;  provided,  however, that if such counsel is necessary because of a
conflict  of  interest  of  either  SpinRecords.com  or  its  counsel or because
SpinRecords.com  does  not assume control, SpinRecords.com will bear the expense
of  such  counsel.
     7.2     Indemnification  by  NETTAXI.  NETTAXI  shall defend, indemnify and
             ----------------------------
hold  SpinRecords.com  harmless from any and all damages, liabilities, costs and
expenses  (including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by
SpinRecords.com  as a result of (1) any breach of this Agreement; (ii) any claim
that  the  NETTAXI  Brand  Features   or  any  part  thereof,  infringes  or
misappropriates  any  Intellectual Property Right of a third party; or (iii) any
claim  arising  out  of  Spinrecords.com's display of the NETTAXI Brand Features
SpinRecords.com  shall  provide  NETTAXI  with  written  notice of the claim and
permit  NETTAXI  to control the defense, settlement, adjustment or compromise of
any such claim.  SpinRecords.com may employ counsel at its own expense to assist
it  with  respect  to any such claim; provided, however, that if such counsel is
necessary  because of a conflict of interest of either NETTAXI or its counsel or
because  NETTAXI  does not assume control, NETTAXI will bear the expense of such
counsel.
     7.3     Limitation  of Liability. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 AND 7.1,
             ------------------------
UNDER  NO  CIRCUMSTANCES  WILL  EITHER  PARTY  BE  LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY
CONTRACT,  STRICT  LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR
ANY  INCIDENTAL  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SUBJECT  MATTER  OF  THIS  AGREEMENT.
                                        3
8.     TERM  AND  TERMINATION
     8.1     Term  of  Agreement.  This  Agreement  shall  be effective upon the
             -------------------
Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall
be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise
terminated  as provided  herein.
     8.2     Convenience.  NETTAXI  may terminate this Agreement at any time for
             -----------
its  convenience,  for  no  reason or for any reason, upon sixty (60) days prior
written  notice  to  SpinRecords.com.  In  the  event  of  such  termination,
Spinrecords.com  shall  be  entitled  to receive and retain all payments made or
payable  by  NETTAXI  prior  to  the  date  of  termination. SpinRecords.com may
terminate  this  Agreement  for no reason or for any reason upon sixty (60) days
prior  written  notice  to  NETTAXI.
     8.3     Termination  for Cause. This Agreement may be terminated by a party
             ----------------------
for  cause  immediately  upon  the  occurrence  of  and  in  accordance with the
following:
          (a)     Insolvency  Event.  Either  may  terminate  this  Agreement by
delivering  written  notice to the other party upon the occurrence of any of the
following  events: (i) a receiver is appointed for either party or its property;
(ii)  either  makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iii)
either  party  commences,  or  has  commenced  against it, proceedings under any
bankruptcy,  insolvency  or  debtor's  relief  law,  which  proceedings  are not
dismissed  within  sixty  (60)  days;  or  (iv)  either  party  is liquidated or
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000dissolved.
          (b)     Change of Control. In the event more that there is a change in
ownership  representing  fifty  percent (50%) or more of the equity ownership of
either  party, the other party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon
written  notice.
          (c)     Default.  Either  party may terminate this Agreement effective
upon  written  notice  to  the  other  if the other party violates any covenant,
agreement,  representation  or warranty contained herein in any material respect
or  defaults  or fails to perform any of its obligations or agreements hereunder
in any material respect, which violation, default or failure is not cured within
thirty  (30) days after notice thereof from the non-defaulting party stating its
intention  to  terminate  this  Agreement  by  reason  thereof.
     8.4     Survival of Rights and Obligations Upon Termination. Sections 6 and
             ---------------------------------------------------
7  shall  survive  termination  or expiration of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, in the case of termination by NETTAXI
for  cause pursuant to Section 8.3  [Termination for Cause] , NETTAXI shall not be required to pay any fee
to  SpinRecords.com  after  termination.
     8.5     Return  of  Materials  Upon Termination. On or before ten (10) days
             ---------------------------------------
after  the  termination  of  this  Agreement,  SpinRecords.com  shall deliver to
NETTAXI  all  NETTAXI  Confidential  Information  and  NETTAXI  Brand  Features ,
including  but not limited to all work product, diagrams, designs and schematics
in Spinrecords.com's possession and NETTAXI.com shall deliver to SpinRecords.com
all SpinRecords.com Confidential Information and SpinRecords.com Brand Features ,
including  but not limited to all work product, diagrams, designs and schematics
in  Nettaxi.com's  possession
9.     MISCELLANEOUS
     9.1     Force  Majeure.  Neither  party  shall  be  liable to the other for
             --------------
delays  or  failures  in performance resulting from causes beyond the reasonable
control  of  that  party,  including,  but  not  limited  to, acts of God, labor
disputes  or  disturbances, material shortages or rationing, riots, acts of war,
governmental  regulations,  communication  or  utility  failures, or casualties.
     9.2     Relationship  of  Parties.  The parties are independent contractors
             -------------------------
under  this  Agreement  and  no  other  relationship  is  intended,  including a
partnership,  franchise,  joint  venture,  agency, employer/employee, fiduciary,
master/servant  relationship, or other special relationship. Neither party shall
act  in  a  manner  which expresses or implies a relationship other than that of
independent  contractor,  nor  bind  the  other  party.
     9.3     No  Third Party Beneficiaries. Unless otherwise expressly provided,
             -----------------------------
no  provisions  of  this  Agreement are intended or shall be construed to confer
upon  or give to any person or entity other than NETTAXI and SpinRecords.com any
rights,  remedies  or  other  benefits  under  or  by  reason of this Agreement.
     9.4     Equitable  Relief.  Each  party  acknowledges  that a breach by the
             -----------------
other  party  of  any  confidentiality  or  proprietary rights provision of this
Agreement  may  cause  the non-breaching party irreparable damage, for which the
award  of  damages  would  not  be  adequate  compensation.  Consequently,  the
non-breaching  party  may institute an action to enjoin the breaching party from
any  and  all  acts  in  violation  of  those  provisions, which remedy shall be
cumulative  and  not  exclusive, and a party may seek the entry of an injunction
enjoining  any  breach  or threatened breach of those provisions, in addition to
any  other  relief to which the non-breaching party may be entitled at law or in
equity.
                                        4
     9.5     Attorneys'  Fees.  In  addition  to  any  other relief awarded, the
             ----------------
prevailing  party  in any action arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled
to  its  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  costs.
     9.6     Notices.  Any  notice  required  or permitted to be given by either
             -------
party under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000or  sent  by  a  reputable overnight mail service (e.g., Federal Express), or by
first  class  mail (certified or registered), or by facsimile confirmed by first
class  mail  (registered or  certified),  to  the party at the address indicated
above.  Notices  will  be  deemed  effective  (i)  three  (3) working days after
deposit,  postage  prepaid,  if  mailed,  (ii) the next day if sent by overnight
mail,  or  (iii)  the  same  day if sent by facsimile and confirmed as set forth
above.
     9.7     Assignment.  Neither  NETTAXI  or  SpinRecords.com shall assign its
             ----------
respective  rights  or delegate its obligations hereunder, either in whole or in
part,  whether  by  operation  of  law  or  otherwise, without the prior written
consent  of  the other party. Any attempted assignment or delegation without the
other  party's  written  consent  will  be  void.
     9.8     Waiver  and  Modification.  Failure  by either party to enforce any
             -------------------------
provision of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of
that  or any other provision. Any waiver, amendment or other modification of any
provision  of  this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by
the  parties.
     9.9     Severability.  if  for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
             ------------
finds any provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision of the
Agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the
intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
force  and  effect.
     9.10     Controlling  Law  and  Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any action
              -----------------------------------
related  thereto  shall  be governed, controlled, interpreted and defined by and
under  the laws of the State of California and the United States, without regard
to  the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Unless waived by NETTAXI (which it
may  do  in  its  sole  discretion)  the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any
action  with  respect  to  the  subject  matter  of  this Agreement shall be the
Superior  Court of California for the County of Santa Clara or the United States
District  Court  for the Northern District of California and each of the parties
hereto submits itself to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts for
the  purpose  of  any  such  action.  The  parties  specifically disclaim the UN
Convention  on  Contracts  for  the  International  Sale  of  Goods.
     9.11     Headings.  Headings  used  in  this  Agreement  are  for  ease  of
              --------
reference  only and shall not be used to interpret any aspect of this Agreement.
     9.12     Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all exhibits which are
              ----------------
incorporated  herein  by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties  with  respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces
all  prior  and  contemporaneous  understandings or agreements, written or oral,
regarding  such  subject  matter.
     9.13     Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts,
              ------------
each  of  which shall be an original and together which shall constitute one and
the  same  instrument.
     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto have executed this Agreement by
persons  duly  authorized  as  of  the  date  and  year  first  above  written.
NETTAXI:                        NETTAXI  ONLINE  COMMUNITIES,  INC.
                                By:  /s/
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Its:  Executive Vice President Sales & Marketing
                                    --------------------------------------------
Solutions  Media                SOLUTIONS  MEDIA,  INC.
                                -----------------------
                                By:  /s/
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Its:  President
                                   ---------------------------------------------
TABLE  OF  EXHIBITS
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000EXHIBIT  A  -     SPINRECORDS.COM  BRAND  FEATURES
EXHIBIT  B  -     NETTAXI  BRAND  FEATURES
EXHIBIT  C  -     STATEMENT  OF  WORK
                                        5
                                    EXHIBIT A
                         SPINRECORDS.COM BRAND FEATURES
     1.     Service  Marks:
            "SpinRecords.com"
            "SpinRadio"
            "Spin  TV"
            "Local  Spin"
            "Spin  Chat"
            "Gig-a-board"
            "Spin  Cuts"
            "Spin  Charts"
            "Join  the  evolution"
            "The  promise  of  music  on  the  Internet  delivered"
     2.     SpinRecords.com collateral and dress - SpinRecords.com color scheme,
            fonts  and  general  "look  and  feel"
     3.     SpinRecords.com  logos
     4.     "Anything  but  that"  cartoon  series
     5.     SpinRecords.com  source  materials
     6.     SpinRecords.com  website
                                        6
                                    EXHIBIT B
                             NETTAXI BRAND FEATURES
     1.     Service  Marks:
            "NETTAXI"
            "NETTAXI.COM"
            "NETTAXI  ONLINE  COMMUNITIES"
            "INTERNET  THE  CITY"
            "DRIVING  YOUR  INTERNET  EXPERIENCE"
     2.     Trade  dress  - Nettaxi color scheme and checkered motif; "look
            and  feel"
     3.     Nettaxi  logos
     4.     Nettaxi  source  materials
     5.     The  Website
                                        7
                                    EXHIBIT C
                                STATEMENT OF WORK
1.   GENERAL
     This  is a Statement of Work under the Co-Branding Agreement by and between
NETTAXI  Online  Communities,  Inc.  ("NETTAXI")  and  Solutions  Media,  Inc.,
("SpinRecords.com")  dated  effective  as  of  Nov.  5,  1999.
2.   PROJECT  MANAGERS.
NETTAXI:  Will  Richards              SPINRECORDS.COM:  Criona  Mclaughlin
2165  S.  Bascom  Avenue              11440  West  Bernardo  Ct
Campbell,  California  95008          San  Diego,  California  92127
Phone:  (408)  879-9880               Phone:  (619)451-3223
Fax:  (408)  879-9907                 Fax:  (619)451-2373
3.   BRANDING  METHODS
Spinrecords.com  and  Nettaxi.com  will  enter  into  a  multi-phase launch of a
co-branded  community  for Nettaxi, and the implementation of community services
for Spinrecords.com members. The following defines the agreement after the final
phase.  The  individual  phases are specified following the Marketing Section of
the  Statement  of  Work.
1)   SpinRecords.com  will  develop a co-branded  site  showing the  Nettaxi.com
     logo. The  co-branding  shall not include  SpinRadioTM,  SpinTVTM,  feature
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000modules,  and Spin branded charts.  All other navigation bar features shall
     be modified to the co-brand including  localnettaxi,  and nettaxichat.  The
     spinwares  and  spinstore  will be  modified  to include  licensed  content
     purchased directly from Spinrecords.com and to eliminate products that will
     compete with the Nettaxi store.
2)   Spinrecords.com  will  incorporate  from  the  navigation  bar a link  from
     nettaxistores to the Nettaxi commerce site.
3)   The  co-branded  nettaximusic  store will  contain  spingear,  spingallery,
     spinmusic, and Kingdom Skateboard products and services. Spin agrees to pay
     Nettaxi a 5% commission of the gross sales price on all transactions.
4)   Spinrecords.com  will  maintain  the Spin  logo on the site in a corner  of
     their choice.
5)   Nettaxi web based e-mail will replace spinmail on the co-branded site.
6)   Nettaxi's  search  engine  shall  be  the  default  search  engine  on  the
     co-branded  site and on the  Spinrecords.com  homesite,  with the exception
     that,  in the event  Spinrecords.com  provides  its content to or otherwise
     develops  any  co-branded  sites  with any ISP,  Internet  Portal  or other
     entity,  Spinrecords.com shall not be required to employ the Nettaxi search
     engine.  In all cases in which the Nettaxi  search engine is employed,  the
     search shall first deliver  results found on the  Spinrecords.com  website.
     The search  feature shall have the tag line "Driven by Nettaxi"  underneath
     the search bar.
7)   Nettaxi  shall cause its search  engine to search and deliver  results from
     the SpinRecords.com  site and co-branded site as one of the top results for
     all searches for related words on the co-branded site, the  SpinRecords.com
     homesite and the Nettaxi.com site. Related words shall include,  but not be
     limited to: "music," "mp3," "independent artist/music" and "CD."
8)   Nettaxi  will create a music  template  for the Nettaxi  homepage  builder.
     Every  registered  member  of  Spinrecords.com  and  Nettaximusic  will  be
     provided a dynamically generated home page.  Spinrecords.com will submit to
     Nettaxi the existing list of Spinrecords.com  members from which a homepage
     shall be generated.
9)   Nettaximusic   and   Spinrecords.com   will  share   registered   users  by
     synchronizing  the databases for  registered  users.  Nettaxi will maintain
     unique  ID's for each  community  home  page  built in the  Spinrecords.com
     domain and Nettaximusic.com  domain (for the purpose of the auto-generation
     of fan page templates).  This  synchronization  shall not include any users
     that arrive at SpinRecords.com through any other co-branded site or through
     any other means of co-branding/co-marketing  with any other ISP, Website or
     other entity.
10)  Nettaxi will develop a link from the Nettaxi Arts & Entertainment  area for
     the co-branded site.
11)  Nettaxi will add Nettaximusic to the street sign on the A&E page.
12)  Nettaxi will make the word  "music" on the splash  page,  under A&E a link,
     and have it link to nettaxi.spinrecords.com. the co-branded site.
13)  The  co-branded  site will have the Nettaxi mp3 player as an available  mp3
     player on the site.
14)  Spinrecords.com  will place the  Nettaxi  logo on  promotional  CDROM's and
     Samplers that  contain the  Nettaxi mp3 player or site banners.  Banners on
     CDROM's will link straight to Nettaxi and Nettaximusic.
15)  Nettaxi  will  include  the  Spinrecords.com  logo on  promotional  CDROM's
     containing music provided Spinrecords.com.
16)  Spinrecords.com  will  provide  a  link  from  all  artists'  pages  to the
     co-branded registration site for fans to produce fan pages.
17)  Nettaxi.com  and  Spinrecords.com  will develop  ability for all registered
     users of the co-branded site to achieve  one-click buying on the co-branded
     site whether purchasing from Nettaxi's store or the Spinstore.
                                        8
4.   MARKETING  EFFORTS
1)   Spinrecords.com  will sell ad space on the  co-branded  site, in accordance
     with the agreement, within 30 days of the Effective Date.
2)   Both  Parties   agree  to  develop  a  Nettaxi   co-branded   CD  featuring
     Nettaximusic.com.  Both  parties  will  share the  production  costs of the
     Nettaximusic.com  Co-Branded  CD.  The per unit  cost  shall be 50 cents or
     less, unless both parties agree otherwise.
3)   Nettaxi  will  develop a  community  based  affinity  model for music  that
     features SpinRecords.com artists.
4)   Nettaxi will provide  in-house  advertising to promote the co-branded music
     site.
5)   Spinrecords.com  will  engage  with  Nettaxi  as  an  -advertising  sponsor
     promoting  the  co-branded  site with  each  party  contributing  a monthly
     investment  of not less than  $20,000  per month,  in cash  expenditure  or
     in-kind contribution toward the marketing effort(s).
6)   SpinRecords.com will promote Nettaximusic.com as a music affiliate in their
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000non-traditional  street  marketing  methods,  to  include  flyer's  created
     in-house for Spin Bands,  will have the logo of Nettaxi.com  Music in-order
     that consumers see alternate choices to find the bands music.
7)   Both  parties  agree to include  advertisements  for the other party in the
     advertising included with their web-based e-mail offered to their users.
8)   Spinrecords.com  will grant Nettaxi the rights to use the artist's likeness
     in promotions of the co-branded site.
9)   Nettaxi.com  agrees  to  participate  in  Spinrecords.com   fourth  quarter
     promotional plans by procuring  $250,000 worth of co-promotional  placement
     in Spinrecords  advertising  targeted towards colleges,  extreme sports and
     other mutually agreed upon target audiences.
10)  Spinrecords.com agrees to purchase in the fourth quarter, $250,000 worth of
     advertising and sponsorship  space within the Nettaxi site for promotion of
     the co-branded and Spinrecords.com community.
PHASED  ROLL  OUT  PLAN
PHASE  I:     NOVEMBER  8TH
The  existing site located at Spinrecords.com/Nettaxi shall be launched - target
date  one week from agreement date. This site shall contain the web based e-mail
from  Nettaxi.  This  site shall also use Spinstore and Spinware as it currently
exists  on  the  site.
Nettaxi  will begin development of the music template for the home page builder.
Spinrecords  will  submit their existing list of members to Nettaxi to integrate
the  homepage  builder  database  and  resolve  duplicate  ID's existing between
Nettaxi  and  Spinrecords  member  registration.
Nettaxi  and  Spinrecords will integrate their respective registrations to allow
both  companies  to synchronize their registered users from the co-branded site.
Spinrecords  can  announce  the  partnership  in  a  press  release  the day the
co-branded  site  launches.  This  press  release  will  detail  the  co-branded
relationship.
PHASE  II:     NOVEMBER  22ND
Community  home  pages  will be available to all members of Nettaximusic.com and
Spinrecords.com.  Spinrecords.com will announce to their existing membership the
existence  of their new homepage, provide them with their Unique URL and promote
their  ability  to  develop  a  unique  web  site.
Nettaxi  will  announce  the  same  ability  to  all  registered  members  of
Nettaximusic.com.
Nettaxi's  search  engine  will  be  launched  on  the  Spinrecords.com  domain.
Nettaxi's  e-commerce  offering  will  be  launched  on  the  co-branded  site.
Spinrecords.com  e-comnerce  offerings  will  be  reduced  to  provide  licensed
merchandise  and content  and  any  additional  products mutually agreed upon by
Nettaxi.com  and  Spinrecords.com.
Both  companies will announce their users ability to shop on the co-branded site
using  one-click buying. Each member can move between the stores on the co-brand
site  and  order  in  each  individual  store.
                                        9
PHASE  III:     JANUARY  1,  2000
     Nettaxi  launches  citizen  and  small business e-commerce offering for all
community  sites. This feature will allow current Nettaxi home page web sites to
integrate  e-commerce  offerings  from  their own products and products from the
Nettaxi  store.
5.   PAYMENT
PERCENTAGE OF ADVERTISING REVENUE
     5.1     "SpinRecords.com's  Advertising  Revenue"  means  the gross revenue
from  advertising   invoiced  by  SpinRecords.com  in  a  calendar  quarter  for
advertising by third parties on the SpinRecords.com  Pages , less any commissions
not to exceed 35%.
     5.2     "SpinRecords.com's AR Share" means the number of Impressions on the
SpinRecords.com  Pages  by Users arriving through the Co-branded NETTAXI Pages in
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000a  calendar   quarter  divided  by  the  total  number  of  Impressions  on  the
SpinRecords.com Pages  by all Users in that calendar quarter.
     5.3     "NETTAXI  Advertising  Revenue"  means  the  gross  revenue  from
advertising  invoiced by NETTAXI in a calendar  quarter for advertising by third
parties on the NETTAXI Pages, less any commissions.
     5.4     "NETTAXI's AR Share" means the number of Impressions on the NETTAXI
Pages  by Users  arriving  through  the  Co-branded  SpinRecords.com  Pages  in a
calendar quarter divided by the total number of Impressions on the NETTAXI Pages
by all Users in that calendar quarter.
     5.5     SpinRecords.com  Rate. In full consideration for the rights granted
             ---------------------
by  NETTAXI,  SpinRecords.com  agrees  to  pay NETTAXI fifty (50%) percent of ad
revenue  at  an  average  rate  no lower then $6.50 per one thousand impressions
(CPM)  payable  to  NETTAXI  which  results when the SpinRecords.com Advertising
Revenue  is  multiplied by SpinRecords.com's AR Share.  SpinRecords.com shall be
responsible  for  payment  of  all taxes based on the Advertising Revenue except
taxes  based  on  NETTAXI's  income.
     5.6     NETTAXI  Rate.  N/A.
             -------------
     5.7     Payment  Schedule.  The  parties  shall  make  such payments within
             -----------------
thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter for the Advertising Revenue
invoiced  during  such  calendar  quarter.
     5.8     Records.  SpinRecords.com  agrees to keep accurate books of account
             -------
and records at its principal place of business covering all Advertising Revenues
and  associated  commissions.  Upon reasonable notice of not less than seven (7)
business  days,  but in no event more than once per year (unless the immediately
preceding  audit  showed a material underpayment), NETTAXI shall have the right,
subject  to  suitable  confidentiality  measures,  to  cause  a certified public
accountant  to  inspect those portions of the books of account and records which
relate  to  the royalties owed NETTAXI, to confirm that the correct amount owing
NETTAXI  under this Agreement has been paid. SpinRecords.com shall maintain such
books of account and records which support each statement for at least two years
after  the termination or expiration of this contract or after the final payment
made  by  SpinRecords.com  to  NETTAXI,  whichever  is  later.
2:   PER  CUSTOMER  FEE
     1.     SpinRecords.com  Payment. For each User that accesses the co-branded
            ------------------------
site  and  becomes  a  paying  customer  on the co-branded site, SpinRecords.com
agrees  to  pay  a  fee  of  five  (5%)  percent  of  the  gross  sale.
     2.     NETTAXI  Payment.  N/A.
            ----------------
     3.     Payment  Terms. All fees will be paid on or before fifteen (15) days
            --------------
after  the  end of the  month  in  which  the  party  has  received  payment
     4.     Audit  Rights.  SpinRecords.com  shall maintain for a period of two
            -------------
(2) years after the end of the year to which they pertain,  complete  records of
it's customers in order to calculate and confirm  SpinRecords.com's  obligations
hereunder.   Upon  reasonable  prior  notice,   NETTAXI  will  have  the  right,
exercisable  not more  than  once  every  twelve  (12)  months,  to  appoint  an
independent   accounting   firm  or  other  agent   reasonably   acceptable   to
SpinRecords.com,  at  NETTAXI'S  expense,  to examine  such  books,  records and
accounts  during  SpinRecords.com's  normal business hours to verify the amounts
due by  SpinRecords.com  to  NETTAXI  herein,  subject  execution  of  NETTAXI's
standard  confidentiality  agreement by the accounting firm or agent;  provided,
however,  that  execution of such  agreement  will not  preclude  such firm from
reporting  its  results  to  NETTAXI.  In the  event  such  audit  discloses  an
underpayment or overpayment of royalties due hereunder,  the  appropriate  party
will  promptly  remit the  amounts  due to the other  party.  If any such  audit
discloses a shortfall  in payment to  NETTAXI of more than five percent (5%) for
any quarter, SpinRecords.com agrees to pay or reimburse NETTAXI for the expenses
of such audit.
                                       10
Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000Source: RAE SYSTEMS INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000EXHIBIT 10.47
               MANIFEST SYSTEM SERVICES AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
               --------------------------------------------------
     This Manifest System Services and Co-Branding Agreement ("Agreement") is
                                                               ---------
made and entered into as of April 27, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), by and
                                                 --------------
between iShip.com, Inc., a Washington corporation (the "Company"), and Mail
                                                        -------
Boxes Etc. USA, Inc., a California corporation ("MBE").
                                                 ---
                                    RECITALS
                                    --------
     A.  The Company has developed an Internet-based shipping system.
     B.  MBE wishes to have the Company provide an Internet-based service based
on the Company's Internet-based shipping system and the MBE retail manifest
system to the MBE Centers (as defined below) for use in manifesting and shipping
customer packages, all subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.
     C.  The Company and MBE desire to engage in certain co-branding activities
on the Internet so as to allow customers of MBE Centers to use the Company's
Internet-based shipping system in a convenient manner and to list the MBE
Centers as drop-off locations and retail shipping centers.
     D.  In connection with the services to be provided hereunder, the Company
desires to issue to MBE a warrant to purchase up to One million three hundred
thirty three thousand three hundred thirty three (1,333,333) shares (as
determined pursuant to the terms of the Warrant) of Series B Preferred Stock of
the Company substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
                                                         ---------
"Warrant").
 -------
                                    AGREEMENT
                                    ---------
1.   Definitions.
     -----------
     The following terms are defined for the purposes of this Agreement as
follows:
     (a) "Acceptance" shall mean MBE's acknowledgment pursuant to Section 2
          ----------
below that (i) access to the Service has been granted, and (ii) the Service
functions in accordance with the Specifications.
     (b) "Authorized Equipment" shall mean the particular type of computer
          --------------------
equipment and the specifications thereof set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto
                                                      ---------
on which the Service is intended to be accessed and used by the MBE Centers.
     (c) "Brand Features" means each party's respective trademarks, trade names,
          --------------
service marks, service names and distinct brand elements that appear from time
to time in each party's properties, ventures and services worldwide and are
protected under U.S. copyright law or as to which each party has established
trademarks or trade dress rights and any modifications to the foregoing that may
be created during the term of this Agreement.
     (d) "Brand Guidelines" means the guidelines, if any, for use of the Brand
          ----------------
Features, which may be prescribed by each party from time to time during the
term of this Agreement.
     (e) "Bounty Customer" shall mean any Company Internet Customer or Third
          ---------------
Party/Company Customer.
     (f) "Company Internet Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on Exhibit
          -------------------------                                      -------
C attached hereto.
-
     (g) "Company Site" shall mean the web site or sites of the Company on the
          ------------
Internet, one of which is currently located at www.iship.com.
                                               -------------
     (h) "Company Technology" shall mean the Internet-based manifest system of
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000------------------
the Company that allows users to, among other things, compare various shipping
services, print shipping labels and/or track shipments using the Internet.
     (i) "Confidential Information" shall mean the Service Documentation, the
          ------------------------
Specifications and any information disclosed by one party to the other pursuant
to this Agreement that is in written, graphic, machine readable or other
tangible form and is marked "Confidential," "Proprietary" or in some other
manner to indicate its confidential nature, including but not limited to
information related to the respective parties' business, products, proposed new
products, customers or related information. Confidential Information may also
include oral information disclosed by one party to the other pursuant to this
Agreement, provided that such information is designated as confidential at the
time of disclosure and is reduced to writing by the disclosing party within a
reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days) after its oral disclosure, and
such writing is marked in a manner to indicate its confidential nature and
delivered to the receiving party.
     (j) "eBay Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on Exhibit C.
          -------------                                      ---------
     (k) "In-Center Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on Exhibit C.
          ------------------                                      ---------
     (l) "Intellectual Property Rights" means all rights in and to trade
          ----------------------------
secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, know-how, as well as moral rights and
similar rights of any type under the laws of any governmental authority,
domestic or foreign, including rights in and to all applications and
registrations relating to any of the foregoing.
     (m) "Link" means a URL hidden behind a formatting option that may take the
          ----
form of a colored item of text (such as a URL description), logo or image, and
which allows a user to automatically move to or between web pages or web sites.
     (n) "Listings" shall mean the listing of the names, addresses, pricing and
          --------
other identifying information of each MBE Center which is a party to a
Subscription Agreement (as defined in Section 3(b)  [Service]).
     (o) "Manifest" means the exclusive MBE retail manifest system to be
          --------
developed by the parties hereto in accordance with the Specifications.
                                      -2-
     (p) "MBE Center" shall mean each franchise of MBE operating a franchise
          ----------
retail outlet within the United States which enters into a Subscription
Agreement.
     (q) "MBE-Generated Customer" shall mean any In-Center Customer, Remote
          ----------------------
Self-Service Customer or MBE Internet Customer.
     (r) "MBE Internet Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on Exhibit C.
          ---------------------                                      ---------
     (s) "MBE Sites" shall mean the web sites operated by MBE on the Internet
          ---------
during the term of this Agreement, including but not limited to the websites
currently located at www.mbe.com and www.mbeonline.com.
     (t) "Remote Self-Service Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on
          ----------------------------
Exhibit C.
---------
     (u) "Specifications" shall mean the specifications for the Manifest set
          --------------
forth on Exhibit D, as updated from time to time during the term of this
         ---------
Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
     (v) "Stations" shall mean the retail manifest shipping stations within each
          --------
MBE Center and the remote off-site manifest shipping stations, in each case
within the United States, of any MBE Center utilizing Authorized Equipment.
     (w) "Service" shall mean the combination of the Company Technology and the
          -------
Manifest.
     (x) "Service Documentation" shall mean all manuals, instructions or other
          ---------------------
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000information provided by the Company to MBE or MBE Centers which directly relate
to the functionality and operation of the Service.
     (y) "Third Party/Company Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on
          ----------------------------
Exhibit C.
---------
     (z) "Third Party/MBE Customer" shall have the meaning set forth on
          ------------------------
Exhibit C.
---------
     (aa) "Update" shall mean any and all bug fixes, error corrections, and
           ------
maintenance updates of the Service.
2.   Development, Delivery and Acceptance.
     ------------------------------------
     (a) Development License. Each party hereby grants to the other party a
         -------------------
[***]* (except as provided in Section 18(b)  [Assignment]("Assignment")), [***]* (with no
 ---                                                         ---
right to sublicense except as set forth below) under all of its Intellectual
Property Rights to use, reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of each
party's preexisting Intellectual Property Rights  solely as is reasonably and
actually necessary to complete the development of the Service. Each party may
grant sublicenses to contractors or subcontractors it engages to work on the
Service, provided
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -3-
that any such subcontractor has entered into an enforceable agreement reasonably
acceptable to the other party relating to the assignment of Intellectual
Property Rights.
     (b) Delivery. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable best
         --------
efforts to complete the design of the Manifest and the Service in a timely and
professional manner consistent with commercial software industry standards on or
before August 1, 1999 and deliver the URL and the access codes or passwords
necessary to use the Service to MBE and each subscribing MBE Center on or before
September 1, 1999. MBE and MBE Centers shall provide any assistance reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with completing such design and effecting
such delivery. The parties shall cooperate to implement a beta roll-out of the
Service in approximately 100 Designated Locations of MBE Centers selected by
mutual agreement of the Company and MBE on or before September 1, 1999, and
thereafter shall mutually agree on a plan to make the Service available to all
MBE Centers by no later than October 1, 1999.
     (c) Inspection. Following the completion of the beta roll-out and testing
         ----------
of the Service, MBE shall have a period of twenty (20) business days to
undertake inspection and testing of the Manifest to determine conformance with
applicable Specifications. The Company shall provide any assistance reasonably
requested by MBE in assessing such conformance. If MBE finds that any part of
the Manifest does not conform with the applicable Specifications, MBE shall,
within the inspection period, notify the Company and provide a detailed written
description of such nonconformance. Following confirmation by the Company of
such nonconformance, the Company will alter the Manifest within a reasonable
time to correct such nonconformance.
     (d) Acceptance. Upon verification by MBE that the Manifest conform with the
         ----------
Specifications in all material respects, or if MBE fails to notify the Company
within the twenty (20) business day inspection period, the Service shall be
deemed Accepted. MBE's sole remedy for correction of problems after Acceptance
shall be under the Warranties set forth in Section 11.
3.   Provision of Service.
     --------------------
     (a) Scope of Agreement. Any Service Documentation provided to MBE and/or
         ------------------
MBE Centers by the Company shall be subject to all terms and conditions of this
Agreement. All use of and access to the Service by MBE and all MBE Centers shall
also be subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement.
     (b) Service. The Company will operate the Service at its network operating
         -------
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000center. The Company shall bear all costs associated with the network operating
center, including without limitation hardware and software, networking equipment
and bandwidth charges, redundant storage and/or mirroring across multiple
geographic locations, and maintenance; provided, however, that Company and MBE
                                       --------  -------
shall each pay one-half of the costs and expenses associated with transmitting
information and data from the servers maintained or used by the Company to the
VSAT network hub, including hardware and backhaul circuits. The Company will
make the Service available to MBE Centers via one or more secure Internet sites.
Each MBE Center approved by MBE that wishes to participate in the Service shall
enter into a Subscription Agreement with the Company in a form to be mutually
agreed upon by the parties, which form
                                      -4-
shall include appropriate obligations of the MBE Centers as set forth in this
Agreement (the "Subscription Agreement"). MBE agrees to use its commercially
                ----------------------
reasonable best efforts to facilitate the execution of a Subscription Agreement
by each participating MBE Center within a reasonable amount of time after the
Effective Date. The Company hereby grants the MBE Centers a [***]* under all of
                                                             ---
Company's Intellectual Property Rights  solely to access and use the Service in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Subscription
Agreement.
     (c) Authorized Equipment . Each MBE Center shall be responsible for
         --------------------
obtaining, installing and maintaining the Authorized Equipment  at its sole cost
and expense. The Subscription Agreement shall provide that an MBE Center that
accesses or uses the Service on any hardware or other equipment, or in
conjunction with any software, that does not constitute Authorized Equipment
does so as its own risk, and the Company shall not be liable for any failure of
the Service on hardware or other equipment, or in conjunction with any software,
that does not constitute Authorized Equipment .
     (d) Exclusivity
         -----------
         (i)   The Company shall not enter into any agreement or arrangement,
     including without limitation any sale, license, service agreement,
     co-branding agreement, co-marketing agreement or linking agreement with any
     provider of manifesting or shipping services through non-carrier retail
     shipping locations; provided, however, that:
               (A) the Company may provide listings of carrier drop-boxes or
     carrier-owned counter drop-off locations specific to a particular carrier
     (including, without limitation, locations within retail establishments) on
     the Company Site, provided that such listings do not include retail
     shipping locations, including UPS authorized shipping outlets, FedEx
     authorized shipping centers and other commercial mail receiving agencies;
     and
               (B) the Company may enter into any such agreement or arrangement
     so long as MBE is given advance written notice of such agreement or
     arrangement and such agreement or arrangement prohibits the use of the
     Manifest or any Company Technology to manifest or ship packages for retail
     customers and provided further that Company terminates service to any such
     entity that uses the Manifest or any Company Technology to serve retail
     customers.
         (ii)  MBE shall not enter into any agreement or arrangement with any
     provider of an online or Internet-based manifest system other than the
     Company.
         (iii) The Company may, at its option, terminate the exclusivity
     provisions set forth in this Section 3(d)  [Exclusivity] upon the occurrence of any of the
     following events: (A) MBE
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -5-
     and all MBE Centers together fail to ship at least [***]* packages
                                                         ---
     manifested by the Service in any period of three (3) full months commencing
     on the earlier of (x) March 1, 2000, and (y) the use of the Service to
     manifest packages by at least [***]* MBE Centers (other than any such
                                    ---
     failure which is directly caused by an event of force majeure (as set forth
     in Section 18(e)  [Force Majeure] or by the failure of the Service to operate in accordance
     with the Specifications or by the Company's breach of any of its
     obligations hereunder), or (B) MBE ceases to own at least [***]* shares of
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000---
     common stock of the Company (calculated on an as-converted basis and as
     adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar
     transaction).
         (iv)  Beginning 18 months after the Effective Date, MBE may, at its
     option, terminate the exclusivity provisions set forth in this Section 3(d)  [Exclusivity]
     if (A) MBE and all MBE Centers together fail to ship at least [***]*
                                                                    ---
     packages manifested by the Service in any three (3) full month period
     ending 18 months after the Effective Date and (B) such failure to meet the
     volume requirements set forth above is related to the unsatisfactory
     performance of the Service as evidenced by written communications from a
     commercially significant number of MBE Centers.
4.   Support; Training.
     -----------------
     (a) Updates and Service Revisions. The Company will make Updates to the
         -----------------------------
Service in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Specifications at
no charge for the entire term of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Service shall be updated from time to time during the term of this Agreement
to include accurate and current (i) Listings and (ii) pricing and service
descriptions for each carrier supported by the Manifest, in each case as soon as
reasonably practicable following the receipt by the Company of such Listings,
pricing and service descriptions. As reasonably necessary, the Company shall
update the Specifications to reflect such Updates and shall provide a copy of
same to MBE at least once per calendar quarter. If the Company develops
additional Intellectual Property Rights  that are made available without
development charge to other customers of the Company, the Company will also make
such Intellectual Property Rights  available to MBE without development charge.
     (b) MBE Center Support. MBE shall have the right to designate in writing up
         ------------------
to five (5) second-level support personnel individuals and alternates to such
individuals as contact persons (the "Contact Persons") (although the parties may
                                     ---------------
mutually agree to increase such number of Contact Persons to ensure adequate
support exists for the MBE Centers) Such Contact Persons shall interface with
the MBE Centers with respect to matters relating to the Service and may transmit
request assistance and descriptions of problems encountered with the Service to
the Company via electronic mail, fax, or overnight mail. The Company will
provide telephone support to the Contact Persons at a level and in such a manner
as the parties mutually agree to be adequate. The Company shall use reasonable
efforts to provide the Contact Persons with answers and solutions to problems
encountered by MBE or the MBE Center in the course of MBE's or MBE Centers'
normal and proper use of the Service in accordance with the terms and
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -6-
conditions of this Agreement. Only the Contact Persons may contact the Company
in connection with matters relating to technical support, and the Company shall
have no obligation to answer questions or assist MBE or MBE Centers' personnel
other than the Contact Persons. The Company shall provide a reasonable amount of
training and training materials to the Contact Persons to provide the Contact
Persons with information concerning the Service and to assist the Contact
Persons in providing support to the MBE Centers and other personnel of MBE. MBE
shall take reasonable steps to ensure that MBE Centers and personnel of MBE
other than the Contact Persons do not contact the Company directly with respect
to issues relating to support of the Service. The Company shall take reasonable
steps to provide adequate industry standard support of all Internet users of the
Company Site and other sites using the Company Technology. MBE and MBE Centers
may refer all support questions relating directly to the Company Site or the
Company Technology to the Company in accordance with the foregoing.
5.   Records; Audits.
     ---------------
     The Company shall maintain complete and accurate records of the number of
packages shipped by the MBE Centers using the Service and all payments due or
accrued to the Company by MBE Centers hereunder. MBE shall, at any time during
the term of this Agreement, be entitled to audit all such records upon ten (10)
days written notice to the Company, in order to confirm the accuracy of such
records and conformance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
provided, however, that no more than one (1) such audit may be conducted in any
--------  -------
ninety (90)-day period. Any such audit shall be performed at MBE's expense
during the Company's normal business hours; provided, however, that in the event
                                            --------  -------
that such audit reveals any non-compliance with any term of this Agreement by
the Company, the Company shall bear the cost of such audit.
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/20006.   Additional Development.
     ----------------------
     (a) Request for Proposal. From time to time, MBE may request additional
         --------------------
custom software or other custom development to be provided by the Company under
this Agreement. If MBE has a requirement for a specific enhancement or
modification of the Service, MBE will identify to the Company in writing a
summary of such requirement (the "Request for Proposal"). Such Request for
                                  --------------------
Proposal will provide a description sufficient to enable the Company to
determine the general demand for and its plans, if any, to develop the same or
similar enhancements or modifications.
     (b) Terms and Conditions. If the Company decides that it has the technical
         --------------------
ability to fulfill the Request for Proposal, then the Company will respond to
MBE within forty-five (45) days of receiving the Request for Proposal, stating
the terms and conditions upon which the Company would be able to undertake such
development, including, but not limited to, changes to the Specifications,
custom development charges, and a proposed delivery schedule.
     (c) Development and Billing Rates. The Company shall perform such
         -----------------------------
development in accordance with the highest professional standards. The cost of
such development shall be the Company's standard billing rates then in effect
(in addition to reimbursement of any expenses, in accordance with the Company's
standard practices), which shall be paid by MBE within thirty (30) days of
receipt of an invoice therfor. No additional fees or bounties shall be owed or
                                      -7-
payable in connection with such development, unless such development results in
a revenue-generating feature or functionality of the Service which is outside of
the scope of the Specifications, in which case the parties shall negotiate in
good faith to mutually agree upon a reasonable fee mechanism therefor and/or
reimbursement of development expenses. Upon completion of such additional
development, the Company shall update the Specifications to reflect such
additional development and shall provide a copy of same to MBE.
     (d) Credit. MBE shall receive a credit applicable to such billing rates
         ------
(but not to reimbursement of expenses) for any development performed by the
Company under this Section 6 equal to [***]* of the total fees paid by MBE and
                                       ---
all MBE Centers, which credit shall be reflected on a monthly statement by the
Company to MBE. Any such credit must be used within twelve (12) months of
receipt of payment by the Company.
7.   Ownership.
     ---------
     (a) General. The Company will have full and exclusive right, title and
         -------
ownership interest in and to the Service and the Specifications and the
Intellectual Property Rights  therein. The Company is, and shall be, the sole
owner of all inventions, discoveries and/or enhancements relating to the Service
and the Specifications, including all copies, translations, compilations,
partial copies, derivative works and updated works, whether partial or complete
and whether or not merged into other program materials and whether in written or
unwritten form. Except as authorized by this Agreement (including MBE's right to
use the Specifications as set forth in Section 15(d)(iv)  [Effect of Termination] ) or as otherwise agreed
in writing, MBE and MBE Centers may not, directly, or through any person or
entity, in any form or manner, copy, distribute, reproduce, incorporate, use or
allow access to the Service or the Specifications, or modify, prepare derivative
works of, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
derive source code or object code from the Service or the Specifications.
     (b) Proprietary Notices. MBE will ensure that all copies of Service
         -------------------
Documentation made in accordance with this Agreement will incorporate copyright
and other proprietary notices in the same manner that the Company incorporates
such notices in the Service or in any manner reasonably requested by the
Company, and MBE agree not to delete or modify any such notices incorporated in
the Service Documentation  in any respect. MBE will also permit the Company to
enter any of MBE's premises during regular business hours to inspect the use of
the Service in any reasonable manner. The Subscription Agreement shall provide
that MBE Centers will comply with the terms of this Section 7(b)  [Proprietary Notices] .
     (c) List of Trademarks. Each party (the "Granting Party") hereby grants the
         ------------------                   --------------
other party (the "Using Party") a limited license to use its Brand Features in
                  -----------
connection with the marketing, distribution, provision of access to, and support
of the Service. The Using Party agrees that such Brand Features are the
exclusive property of the Granting Party and that all usage of such marks and
any goodwill established by the use of such marks shall inure to the benefit of
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000the Granting Party and that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -8-
interests in such marks on the Using Party The Using Party will comply with the
Granting Party's Brand Guidelines. The Using Party shall provide to the Granting
Party examples of any use of the Brand Features of the Granting Party prior to
use. The Using Party shall modify or discontinue such use if requested by the
Granting Party. Neither party shall adopt or attempt to register any trademark,
trade name, or service mark which is confusingly similar to the other party's
Brand Features such as "Ship Mailboxes" (and the like).
     (d) Customer Information. The Company and MBE shall jointly own (without
         --------------------
duty to account) all customer lists and related customer data gathered through
the use of the Service by customers of MBE and MBE Centers ("Customer Data").
                                                             -------------
During the term of this Agreement, neither party shall provide any Customer Data
to any third party (other than MBE Centers or an affiliate of MBE or the
Company) without the prior written consent of the other party The Company shall
initially provide the Customer Data to MBE in acceptable electronic format as
soon as practicable following the reasonable request of MBE, and, once MBE (at
its sole cost and expense) has implemented an appropriate means to warehouse the
Customer Data, the parties shall take reasonable steps to transfer all existing
Customer Data to MBE and implement a system whereby the Customer Data is
automatically downloaded and provided to MBE on a periodic basis. The Company
agrees to retain the Customer Data in accordance with the Company's own data
retention policies, and in any case for no less than 13 months from the creation
of such Customer Data. The Company, MBE, affiliates of the Company and MBE, and
the MBE Centers may each use the Customer Data for marketing and other purposes
in accordance with a mutually agreed upon privacy policy and in accordance with
any mutually agreed upon privacy policy displayed to customers in connection
with the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees not to use
any Customer Data to solicit any MBE-Generated Customers with respect to any
services offered by the Company; provided, however, that the Company may use
Customer Data to solicit such customers who have a shipping account with a
carrier or with respect to services not offered by MBE and the MBE Centers.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, MBE agrees not to use any Customer Data in any
manner which would reasonably be expected to eliminate any Bounty Package
payment to the Company hereunder.
     (e) Reserved Rights. Without limitation of the foregoing, each party
         ---------------
reserves all rights other than those expressly granted in this Agreement, and no
licenses are granted except as expressly set forth herein.
     (f) Notices. Each party agrees to display mutually agreeable trademark and
         -------
copyright notices or legends of the other party when using such other party's
Brand Features. Each party shall in advance submit to the other party the
proposed placement of such notices or legends (including, without limitation,
the place and manner of incorporation into electronic media or transmissions),
and such other party shall have the right, acting reasonably, to approve the
same.
8.   Payments; Taxes.
     ---------------
     (a) Basic Fee. In consideration for the Service provided hereunder, for
         ---------
each package shipped utilizing the Service (other than a package which is
shipped first class by the U.S. Postal
                                      -9-
Service), the Company shall be entitled to receive the amount of [***]* (the
                                                                  ---
"Basic Fee"). MBE agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to execute
 ---------
agreements, or to facilitate the execution of agreements among the appropriate
parties, so that such Basic Fee is paid to the Company directly from the carrier
which ships such package no later than fifteen (15) days following the end of
the month in which such package was shipped. If MBE is unable, despite its
commercially reasonable efforts, to facilitate the execution of such an
agreement with one or more carriers, the Basic Fee shall be paid by each MBE
Center directly pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement.
     (b) Bounty Fee. In further consideration for the Service and the other
         ----------
obligations of the Company hereunder, for each package shipped by or through an
MBE Center by a Bounty Customer who pays the shipping rates charged by such MBE
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000Center, ("Bounty Package"), the Company shall be entitled to receive the
          --------------
following amounts (the "Bounty Fee") from each such MBE Center, for Bounty
                        ----------
Packages shipped during each calendar month:
         (i)   in the event that less than [***]* Bounty Packages shall have
                                            ---
been shipped by the MBE Centers during the twelve (12) full months prior to the
shipping of such Bounty Package (or, if such information is not yet available
for the month prior to the month in which such Bounty Package is shipped, the
most recent twelve (12) full months for which such information is available)
(the "Measurement Period"), the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via
      ------------------                   ---
air transportation and the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via
                                      ---
ground transportation;
         (ii)  in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* Bounty
                                           ---                  ---
Packages have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the
amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation and the
           ---
amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation;
           ---
         (iii) in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* Bounty
                                           ---                  ---
Packages shall have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement
Period, the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation
                       ---
and the amount of [***]* per Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation;
                   ---
and
         (iv)  in the event that at least [***]* Bounty Packages shall have been
                                           ---
shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]*
                                                                         ---
per Bounty Package shipped via air transportation and the amount of [***]* per
                                                                     ---
Bounty Package shipped via ground transportation.
     (c) eBay Fee. In further consideration for the Service and the other
         --------
obligations of the Company hereunder, for each package shipped by or through an
MBE Center by an eBay Customer ("eBay Package"), the Company shall be entitled
                                 ------------
to receive the following amounts from such MBE Center for eBay Packages shipped
during each calendar month, in each case
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -10-
after deduction of the lesser of (x) [***]* and (y) the amount paid or to be
                                      ---
paid by such eBay Customer directly to the Company with respect to the shipment
of such package (the "eBay Fee"):
                      --------
         (i)   in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* eBay
                                           ---                  ---
Packages have been shipped by MBE and the MBE Centers during the Measurement
Period, the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and
                       ---
the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via ground transportation;
               ---
         (ii)  in the event that at least [***]* but less than [***]* eBay
                                           ---                  ---
Packages shall have been shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement
Period, the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and
                       ---
the amount of [***]* per eBay Package shipped via ground transportation; and
               ---
         (iii) in the event that at least [***]* eBay Packages shall have been
                                           ---
shipped by the MBE Centers during the Measurement Period, the amount of [***]*
                                                                         ---
per eBay Package shipped via air transportation and the amount of [***]* per
                                                                   ---
eBay Package shipped via ground transportation.
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000(d) Payment Cycle. The Company shall bill and collect all amounts due to
         -------------
the MBE Centers for Bounty Packages and eBay Packages from each Bounty Customer
or eBay Customer, as the case may be, by processing credit card transactions
over the Internet. The Company shall pay such amounts, less the relevant Bounty
Fee or eBay Fee then in effect, to MBE on the next business day or as soon as
reasonably practicable (but in any event within one week) following the shipment
date of each package, and MBE agrees to distribute such amounts to the MBE
Centers. At the Company's option, Bounty Customers or eBay Customers may also be
entitled to pay directly for the shipment of such Bounty Package or eBay Package
at MBE Centers, and the Company shall be entitled to deduct the relevant Bounty
Fee or eBay Fee then in effect from any payments due to such MBE Center for
shipment of Bounty Packages, eBay Packages or otherwise.
     (e) Right of Offset. In the event of any default in payment by an MBE
         ---------------
Center under this Section 8 which continues uncured for a period of thirty (30)
days, in addition to any rights or remedies which the Company may have at law or
equity or pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall have the right (but not
the obligation) to (i) terminate providing the Service to such MBE Center and
(ii) offset any amounts owed to the Company by such MBE Center from any payments
owed to such MBE Center by the Company.
     (f) Taxes. MBE shall pay or reimburse the Company for all taxes, duties and
         -----
assessments imposed on MBE or the Company in connection with the license or use
of the Service by MBE under this Agreement, including without limitation all
sales, use, excise and other taxes and duties, excluding only taxes based upon
the Company's net income. MBE shall
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -11-
hold the Company harmless from all claims and liability arising from MBE's
failure to report or pay any such taxes, duties and assessments.
     (g) [***]*
          ---
     (h) Independent MBE Centers. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
         -----------------------
Agreement, Company acknowledges and agrees that each participating MBE Center is
an independently owned and operated franchise and that MBE is not responsible
for any debts or acts or omissions of its franchisees. Each use by an MBE Center
of the Service shall be pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Subscription
Agreement and each participating MBE Center shall be responsible for paying to
Company any charges incurred. Company further acknowledges that each
participating MBE Center may choose to make the Service (or some portion
thereof) available to customers of MBE Centers.
9.   Co-Marketing Obligations.
     ------------------------
     (a) Listings. MBE shall supply and regularly update the Listings, and the
         --------
Company shall include the Listings in the Company Site and shall use
commercially reasonable best efforts to include such Listings on other third
party web sites utilizing the Company Technology.
     (b) Mutual Links. During the term of this Agreement, each party will ensure
         ------------
that the relevant pages in each party's website will include Links to the other
party's site(s). Without limiting the foregoing, and within the first three (3)
months following the Effective Date, the Company shall assist MBE at no
additional charge in developing a series of Links between the MBE Site and the
Company Site. The purpose of such Links shall be to allow MBE Internet Customers
to access certain agreed-upon features provided by the Company Site. At a
minimum, such functionality shall be equivalent to that provided by the Company
Site to public Internet users. As mutually agreed upon by the parties, the
parties may place advertising banners promoting their products and services on
appropriate pages of the other party's website.
     (c) Marketing and Public Relations. So long as such activities are in
         ------------------------------
compliance with MBE Brand Guidelines then in effect (i) the Company shall
display the logo of MBE on the Company Site and identify MBE as the exclusive
retail shipping partner of the Company, (ii) to the extent reasonably
practicable, the Company shall include the logo of MBE on every carrier or
shipping label generated pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) the parties agree
to use reasonable efforts to cooperate to develop a co-branded Company/MBE logo
to display on Internet-generated shipping labels generated pursuant to this
Agreement.
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/200010.  Confidential Information .
     ------------------------
     (a) Limited Access. MBE and MBE Centers agree not to provide or otherwise
         --------------
make available any Service Documentation  or other Confidential Information  of
the Company to any person other than employees, consultants, contractors or
agents of MBE and MBE Centers with a
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -12-
need to use such Service Documentation  or Confidential Information  in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.
     (b) Confidentiality. Each party shall treat as confidential all
         ---------------
Confidential Information  of the other party, shall not use such Confidential
Information except as set forth in this Agreement, and shall use reasonable
efforts not to disclose such Confidential Information  to any third party.
Without limiting the foregoing, each of the parties shall use at least the same
degree of care which it uses to prevent the disclosure of its own confidential
information of like importance to prevent the disclosure of Confidential
Information disclosed to it by the other party under this Agreement. Each party
shall promptly notify the other party of any actual or suspected misuse or
unauthorized disclosure of the other party's Confidential Information .
     (c) Exceptions. Each party agrees not to disclose or otherwise make such
         ----------
Confidential Information  available to third parties without the other party's
prior written consent except to the extent that the Confidential Information  (i)
was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed or has entered the public
domain through no fault of such party, (ii) was known to such party, without
restriction, at the time of disclosure, as demonstrated by files in existence at
the time of disclosure, (iii) is disclosed with the prior written approval of
the other party, (iv) was independently developed by such party without any use
of Confidential Information , (v) became known to such party, without
restriction, from a source other than the other party without breach of this
Agreement by such party and otherwise not in violation of the other party's
rights, (vi) is required to be disclosed under securities laws or (vii) is
disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, administrative
agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that such party shall use
                                    --------  -------
all reasonable efforts to provide prompt, written, and sufficient advance notice
thereof to the other party to enable the other party to seek a protective order
or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure. Each party agrees that to take
appropriate action by instruction, agreement, or otherwise with its employees,
agents and representatives to satisfy such party's obligations under this
Agreement with respect to use, copying, modification, protection and security of
Confidential Information .
     (d) Return of Confidential Information . Upon expiration or termination of
         ----------------------------------
this Agreement, each party shall return all Confidential Information  received
from the other party.
     (e) Confidentiality of Agreement. Each party shall be entitled to disclose
         ----------------------------
the existence of this Agreement, but agrees that the terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall be treated as Confidential Information  and shall not be
disclosed to any third party; provided, however, that each party may disclose
                              --------  -------
the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (i) as required by any court or
other governmental body; (ii) as otherwise required by law, (iii) to legal
counsel of the parties; (iv) in confidence, to accountants, banks, and financing
sources and their advisors; (v) in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement or rights under this Agreement; or (vi) in confidence, in connection
with an actual or proposed merger, acquisition, or similar transaction.
11.  Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
     -----------------------------------------
     (a) Warranty. Company represents and warrants that during the term of this
         --------
Agreement the Service shall confirm to its specifications and the Specifications
in all material
                                      -13-
respects, provided that the Service is properly used in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and the Subscription Agreement, and shall not contain a
higher number of, or more serious errors, than would be expected by a reasonable
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000commercial user of a service similar to the Service.
     (b) Outages. After Acceptance and during the term of this Agreement,
         -------
Company will use its best efforts to make the Service available to the MBE
Centers from 4 a.m. to 9 p.m. PST every day. Scheduled maintenance which may
result in an interruption to the Service shall be performed outside of these
hours. Each party shall provide the other party with reasonable and prompt
notification of all known failures of the Service to be operational during these
hours ("Outages"). The Company shall make qualified personnel available to MBE
personnel by telephone, e-mail or pager (response within twenty (20) minutes)
for the reporting of Outages at no additional charge. Company will then use its
best efforts to resolve the Outage as soon as possible. Within six months of the
Effective Date, the Company and MBE will jointly develop a disaster recovery
plan outlining plans to respond to Outages.
     (c) No Conflicts. The Company is not currently subject and throughout the
         ------------
term will not be subject to any obligations or disabilities that will or might
prevent or interfere with fully keeping and performing all of the agreements,
covenants and conditions to be kept or performed hereunder, and the Company has
not made nor will make any agreement, commitment, grant or assignment, and will
not do, or omit to do, any act or thing that could or might interfere or impair
the complete enjoyment of the rights granted and the Services to be provided
hereunder.
     (d) Originality. The Company represents and warrants that it currently has
         -----------
and throughout the term will have full title to and ownership of (or licenses
to) the Service and all Intellectual Property Rights  embodied in or used in
connection therewith, free and clear of liens, claims and encumbrances, and that
it has full power and authority to grant the rights provided herein.
     (e) Year 2000. Company represents, warrants and covenants that the Service
         ---------
includes design, performance and functionality such that the Service will not
generate any invalid and/or incorrect date-related results when used during any
year prior to, during or after the calendar year 2000.
     (f) Remedies. The Company's sole and exclusive liability and MBE's sole and
         --------
exclusive remedy for breach of the representations and warranties set forth in
this Section 11 shall be, at the Company's election, to either (i) use its best
efforts to make the Service perform in accordance with the Specifications in all
material respects as soon as reasonably practicable, or (ii) return the Fees
paid by MBE and MBE Centers for the Service in which case MBE would have the
right to either terminate the entire Agreement or the portions of the Agreement
affected by breach of the representation and warranties. In the event that the
Company elects (i) of this sub-section in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth herein and is unable to make the Service perform in
accordance with the Specifications in all material respects within twenty one
(21) days after such election, MBE may then elect to continue to proceed under
(i) or MBE may elect to proceed under (ii) of this sub-section.
                                      -14-
     (g) Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES STATED ABOVE, NEITHER
         ----------
PARTY MAKES ANY PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SYSTEM OR THE MANIFEST,
INCLUDING ITS CONDITION, ITS CONFORMITY TO ANY REPRESENTATION OR DESCRIPTION, OR
THE EXISTENCE OF ANY LATENT OR PATENT DEFECTS, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
12.  Indemnity for Patent or Copyright Infringement.
     ----------------------------------------------
     (a) Indemnity. The Company will defend, at its expense, any action brought
         ---------
against MBE and its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates,
successors, assigns or franchisees ("Indemnitees") based upon a claim that the
Service used properly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the
Subscription Agreement infringes a U.S. patent or copyright or misappropriates a
trade secret under U.S. law (a "Claim"). The Company further agrees to pay all
damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fee and expert witness fees)
incurred by any Indemnitee in connection with such Claim. The Company shall have
sole control of any such action or settlement negotiations. Without the consent
of MBE, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Company shall not settle
any such Claim in a manner that (i) imposes damages or costs on any Indemnitee
not covered by the Company hereunder or (b) imposes any injunctive or other
non-monetary relief on any Indemnitee. MBE shall notify the Company promptly in
writing of each such Claim and gives the Company all authority, information and
assistance, at the Company's expense, reasonably necessary to settle or defend
such claim.
     (b) Remedy Options. If the Service becomes, or in the opinion of the
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000--------------
Company may become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any U.S. patent or
copyright, the Company shall notify MBE, and the Company may, at its option: (i)
procure for MBE and MBE Centers the right to use the Service free of any
liability or (ii) replace or modify the Service to make it non-infringing.
     (c) Sole and Exclusive Liability. THIS SECTION 12 SETS FORTH THE SOLE AND
         ----------------------------
EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY FOR INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS.
     (d) Exclusions from Indemnification. The Company assumes no liability, and
         -------------------------------
shall have no obligation to defend or pay any amounts to any Indemnitee
hereunder for (i) any method or process in which the Service may be used by MBE
or any MBE Center which is not set forth in the Specifications, (ii) any
improper use of the Service by an Indemnitee or (iii) the combination, operation
or use of the Service with non-Company software or data, if such infringement
could have been avoided but for the combination, operation or use of the Service
with such programs or data.
13.  Indemnification.
     ---------------
     (a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company, at its own expense, will
         ------------------------------
indemnify, defend and hold harmless MBE, and its employees, franchisees,
representatives and
                                      -15-
agents, against any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding brought against MBE
or such party, to the extent that such claim, suit, action or other proceeding
is based on or arises from.
         (i)   any misrepresentation or breach or representation or warranty of
the Company contained herein; or
         (ii)  any breach of any covenant or agreement to be performed by the
Company hereunder.
     The Company will pay all costs, damages, and expenses, including, but not
limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs awarded against or otherwise
incurred by MBE in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action
or proceeding attributable to any such claim.
     (b) Indemnification by MBE. MBE, at its own expense, will indemnify, defend
         ----------------------
and hold harmless the Company, and its employees, representatives and agents,
against any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding brought against the Company
or such party, to the extent that such claim, suit, action or other proceeding
is based on or arises from:
         (i)   any misrepresentation or breach of representation or warranty
of MBE contained herein; or
         (ii)  any breach of any covenant or agreement to be performed by MBE
hereunder.
     MBE will pay all costs, damages, and expenses, including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs awarded against or otherwise incurred
by the Company in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action
or proceeding attributable to any such claim.
     (c) Procedures. Each party's obligation to indemnify the other hereunder
         ----------
shall be conditioned upon (i) the indemnified party providing the indemnifying
party with prompt notice of any claim that could lead to a claim for
indemnification, (ii) the indemnified party permitting the indemnifying party to
assume and control the defense of such action, with counsel chosen by the
indemnifying party (who shall be reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party)
and (iii) the indemnified party not entering into any settlement or compromise
of any such claim without the indemnifying party's prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
                                      -16-
14.  Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
     -----------------------
this Agreement, in no event shall either party's liability under any provision
of this Agreement or otherwise arising out of or related to this Agreement
(other than payments due or accrued under Section 8, exceed the amounts paid by
MBE and the MBE Centers to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. The parties
further agree that NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, FOR COSTS
OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND
AGAINST A PARTY BY ANY OTHER PARTY. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES, AND UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE. THESE LIMITATIONS
SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED
REMEDY.
15.  Term and Termination.
     --------------------
     (a) Term and Renewal Option. The initial term of this Agreement shall
         -----------------------
commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective
Date. MBE shall have the right to elect by written notice to the Company at any
time between two (2) and six (6) months prior to the end of such initial term or
any subsequent Renewal Period (as defined below), to notify the Company that MBE
elects to seek to extend such term for additional two (2)-year periods (each a
"Renewal Period") In the event of such election, MBE and the Company shall have
 --------------
a period of sixty (60) days in which to negotiate commercially reasonable Basic
Fees, Bounty Fees and eBay Fees (and other applicable fees) ("Fee Schedule")
                                                              ------------
under which the Company would be willing to renew this Agreement for such
Renewal Period. If the parties are unable to reach agreement during such sixty
(60) day period, either party may request that the Fee Schedule be submitted to
arbitration pursuant to Section 18(m)  [Arbitration]. If MBE notifies the Company of its intent
to so renew prior to the end of such initial term or such Renewal Period, the
term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for the Renewal Period
and, other than the Fee Schedule, all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
     (b) Termination.
         -----------
         (i)   Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon
notice to the other party if (A) the other party materially fails to comply with
any of the material terms and conditions of this Agreement and (B) if such
default has not been cured within thirty (30) days (forty five (45) days if
required by the nature of the breach) after written notice to the other party
or, if such breach is not curable within thirty (30) days (forty five (45) days
if required by the nature of the breach), reasonable efforts and progress are
not being made to cure such breach.
         (ii)  This Agreement shall terminate, without notice, (A) upon the
institution by or against either party of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy
proceedings or any other proceedings for the settlement of such party's debts,
(B) upon either party's making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
(C) upon either party's dissolution or ceasing to do business.
                                      -17-
     (c) Termination Period.
         ------------------
         (i)   If this Agreement is terminated or expires in accordance with
this Section 15 (other than termination by the Company in the event of an
uncured material breach by MBE), then MBE shall have a period of up to
twenty-four (24) months from and after the date of such termination, to make
arrangements with respect to the conversion of the Service to a non-Company
manifest system (the "Termination Period"). The date when the Service shall have
                      ------------------
been converted to a non-Company manifest system shall hereinafter be referred to
as the "Termination Completion Date" and shall be the effective date of
         --------------------------
termination of this Agreement, in such event. During the Termination Period each
party will continue to perform its obligations hereunder, and MBE and MBE
Centers will continue to pay any applicable fees and payments hereunder to the
Company. MBE shall keep the Company informed as reasonably necessary with
respect to such conversion. MBE also shall give the Company written notice of
the estimated Termination Completion Date promptly after a reasonably definitive
projected Termination Completion Date is known by MBE, and shall give written
notice to the Company promptly after any change in such estimated Termination
Completion Date.
         (ii)  During the Termination Period, the Company will give reasonable
cooperation and support to MBE to assure an orderly and efficient transition
and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at MBE's expense, the
Company shall be obligated to provide MBE with data reasonably necessary for MBE
to convert or implement the non-Company systems, procedures and practices.
     (d) Effect of Termination.
         ----------------------
         (i)   Sections 1, 7, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 18, as well as any payments
accrued prior to termination of this Agreement, shall survive any termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
         (ii)  Within thirty (30) days after the Termination Completion Date,
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000each party shall, at its own expense, destroy or return to the Company and make
no further use of, any property, materials or other items of the other party and
shall certify, in writing that it has done so
         (iii) Nothing contained herein shall limit any other remedies that
either party may have for the default of the other party under this Agreement
nor relieve either party of any of their obligations incurred prior to
termination of this Agreement.
         (iv)  During the Termination Period and thereafter, and notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, MBE will be free to use its own
personnel, and/or engage or contract with any third party to use the
Specifications to design, develop and market an Internet-based manifest system
similar to the Manifest (including products that contain functionality similar
to the Service and which have a "look and feel" similar or identical to the
Manifest), in each case solely for the benefit of MBE and the MBE Centers and
international franchisees or licensees of MBE. MBE shall not use the object code
or source code of the Manifest in the course of such development. Subject to
MBE's compliance with the provisions of this subsection (iv), the Company shall
not
                                      -18-
assert any claim against MBE under the Company's Intellectual Property Rights  in
the Specifications or the Manifest in connection with such development, other
than for use of the Company's trademarks, trade names, service marks and service
names. Neither party shall have the right to retain or use the specific software
implementation of the Manifest developed by the parties hereunder; provided,
however, that the Company may retain one (1) copy of the software implementation
of the Manifest solely for archival and evidentiary purposes.
16.  Publicity. Upon execution of this Agreement, the parties will jointly
     ---------
prepare a mutually acceptable description of their business relationship as
contemplated by this Agreement which may be used by either party in press
releases and other marketing materials from time to time during the term of this
Agreement. Additional press releases or publicity materials shall be approved by
each party in writing prior to release.
17.  Warrant. On the Effective Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant to
     -------
MBE, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein.
18.  Miscellaneous.
     -------------
     (a) Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended or
         ----------------------
waived only with the written consent of the parties or their respective
successors and assigns. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this
Section 18(a)  [Amendments and Waivers]  shall be binding upon the parties and their respective successors
and assigns.
     (b) Assignment. Each party shall have the right to assign its rights,
         ----------
obligations and privileges hereunder to an assignee in connection with any
merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the business to which
this Agreement relates. Each MBE Center shall have the right to assign its
rights and obligations and privileges under a Subscription Agreement in
connection with any merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of
such MBE Center's assets. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective permitted successors and
assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their
respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided
in this Agreement.
     (c) Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the product of both of the parties
         ----------------
hereto, and constitutes the entire agreement between such parties pertaining to
the subject matter hereof, and merges all prior negotiations and drafts of the
parties with regard to the transactions contemplated herein. Any and all other
written or oral agreements existing between the parties hereto regarding such
transactions are expressly canceled.
     (d) Independent Contractor. Neither party shall, for any purpose, be deemed
         ----------------------
to be an agent of the other party and the relationship between the parties shall
only be that of independent contractors. Neither party shall have any right or
authority to assume or create any obligations or to make any representations or
warranties on behalf of any other party, whether express or implied, or to bind
the other party in any respect whatsoever.
                                      -19-
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000(e) Force Majeure. In the event that either party is prevented from
         -------------
performing or is unable to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
(other than a payment obligation) due to any Act of God, fire, casualty, flood,
earthquake, war, strike, lockout, epidemic, destruction of production
facilities, riot, insurrection, material unavailability, or any other cause
beyond the reasonable control of the party invoking this section, and if such
party shall have used its best efforts to mitigate its effects, such party shall
give prompt written notice to the other party, its performance shall be excused,
and the time for the performance shall be extended for the period of delay or
inability to perform due to such occurrences. If a force majeure event causes
the Company to allocate limited resources among all of its customers, [***]*.
                                                                       ---
The Company shall resume operation of the Service as soon as reasonably
practicable upon conclusion of any force majeure event. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if such party is not able to perform within sixty (60) days after the
event giving rise to the excuse of force majeure, the other party may terminate
the Agreement.
     (f) Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant
         -------------
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
     (g) Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to
         ------------
be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such
provision in good faith, in order to maintain the economic position enjoyed by
each party as close as possible to that under the provision rendered
unenforceable. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable
and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be
excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Agreement shall be
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of the
Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
     (h) Waiver. The waiver of any particular breach or default or any delay in
         ------
exercising any rights shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or
default.
     (i) Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in
         -------
writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally
or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, or forty-eight
(48) hours after being deposited in the regular mail as certified or registered
mail (airmail if sent internationally) with postage prepaid, if such notice is
addressed to the party to be notified at such party's address or facsimile
number as set forth below, or as subsequently modified by written notice.
----------
     *  Confidential treatment has been requested for the bracketed portion. The
confidential redacted portion has been omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                      -20-
     If to the Company:                       iShip.com, Inc.
                                              2515 - 140th Ave. NE
                                              Suite E-110
                                              Attn: President
                                              Bellevue, WA 98005
                                              Facsimile Number: 425/602-5025
     With a Copy To:                          Craig E. Sherman
                                              Venture Law Group
                                              4750 Carillon Point
                                              Kirkland, WA 98033
                                              Facsimile Number: 425/739-8750
     If to MBE:                               Mail Boxes Etc. USA, Inc.
                                              6060 Cornerstone Court West
                                              San Diego, CA 92121
                                              Attn: Thomas K. Herskowitz
                                              Facsimile Number: 619/546-7499
     (j) Headings. The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are
         --------
intended for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
     (k) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
         ------------
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
instrument.
     (l) Advice of Legal Counsel. Each party acknowledges and represents that,
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000-----------------------
in executing this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to seek advice as to its
legal rights from legal counsel and that the person signing on its behalf has
read and understood all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This
Agreement shall not be construed against any party by reason of the drafting or
preparation thereof.
     (m) Arbitration.
         -----------
               (i)   Every claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the
         negotiation, performance or non-performance of this Agreement shall be
         determined by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
         Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), or as otherwise
         agreed by the parties. The place of arbitration shall be San Diego,
         California.
               (ii)  In the event of any such claim or dispute, the parties
         shall first attempt to resolve the matter through good faith, informal
         negotiations, including non-binding mediation. In the event that the
         parties are unable to resolve the dispute, either party hereto may
         demand arbitration by written notice to the other party and to the AAA
         in San Diego. The parties shall mutually agree on one arbitrator. If
         the parties cannot so agree, the single arbitrator shall be selected by
         the AAA. The costs of arbitration are to be shared equally by the
         parties. Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and
         attorneys' fees.
                                      -21-
               (iii) The arbitrator shall not have any power to alter, modify
         or change any of the terms of this Agreement or to grant any remedy
         which is either inconsistent with or prohibited by the terms of this
         Agreement, or not available in a court of law. The arbitrator shall not
         have the authority to commit errors of law or errors of legal
         reasoning. In addition, the arbitrator shall have no power or authority
         to award punitive, consequential or incidental damages.
               (iv)  The arbitrator shall, within thirty (30) days after the
         matter has finally been submitted to him or her, render a written
         decision making specific findings of fact and setting forth the reasons
         for the decision which shall be consistent with the terms of this
         Agreement. The parties intend that this agreement to arbitrate be
         valid, binding, enforceable, and irrevocable. The terms of this Section
         shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
         Judgement on any award of the arbitrator shall be binding and may be
         entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
                            [Signature page follows]
                                      -22-
         The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth
above.
                                              
COMPANY:                                         LICENSEE:
ISHIP.COM, INC.                                  MAILBOXES ETC. USA, INC.
/s/ Stephen M. Teglovic                          /s/ Charles Lynn Lowder
---------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------
(Signature)                                      (Signature)
Stephen M. Teglovic                              Charles Lynn Lowder
---------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------
(Print Name)                                     (Print Name)
CEO/Pres                                         Executive Vice President/General Counsel
---------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------
(Title)                                          (Title)
                   SIGNATURE PAGE TO MANIFEST SYSTEM LICENSE
                           AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                                    EXHIBIT A
                                 FORM OF WARRANT
                                    EXHIBIT B
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT :
---------------------
     A PC reasonably adequate to access and use the Service for manifesting and
shipping packages, with the following minimum specifications:
     .    a reasonably adequate scale and a label printer
     .    An internet/network connection of at least 256k bits/sec
     .    Processor: P5-233
     .    Ports: 2 Com ports, 1 Parallel port
     .    RM: 64 Megs
     .    HDD: 1.2 GB
     .    Video. 4 MB
     .    OS: Win 98/OSR2
     .    Browser: IE 5 SP1
                                    EXHIBIT C
                               POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS
=======================================================================================================================
                            TYPE                             DEFINITION
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         
                             I                               A customer  physically present in the retail store-front
                                                             or  remote  off-site  locations  of  MBE  Centers  for a
                     In-Center Customer                      transaction in  which they do not  utilize an LMS or
                                                             MBEX (as such terms are defined below).
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  utilizing  a  self-service  lobby  manifest
                            II                               system  in  a  MBE  Center  ("LMS")  or  a  self-service
                                                                                           ---
               Remote Self-Service Customer                  MBE-branded   remote  manifest  system  ("MBEX")  for  a
                                                                                                       ----
                                                             transaction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  shipping  a  PLD-compliant  and  ramp-ready
                         III A                               package* through a MBE Center that is manifested
                  MBE Internet Customer                      through the MBE Sites.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  shipping  a  PLD-compliant  and  ramp-ready
                         III B                               package through a MBE Center, which package is
              Company Internet Customer                      manifested through the Company site.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  shipping  a  PLD-compliant  and  ramp-ready
                                                             package   through  a  MBE  Center,   which   package  is
                         III C (1)                           manifested  through  the  Internet  web  site of a third
                 Third Party/MBE Customer                    party that is con-branded or otherwise  affiliated  with
                                                             MBE.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  shipping  a  PLD-compliant  and  ramp-ready
                                                             package   through  a  MBE  Center,   which   package  is
                         III C (2)                           manifested  through  the  Internet  web  site of a third
               Third Party/Company Customer                  party that is  co-branded or otherwise  affiliated  with
                                                             the Company or the Service.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             A  customer  shipping  a  PLD-compliant  and  ramp-ready
                                                             package   through  a  MBE  Center,   which   package  is
                         III C (3)                           manifested  through an  Internet  web site  operated  by
                       eBay Customer                         eBay  Incorporated  or in connection  with an auction or
                                                             sale conducted on such web site.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            IV                               A  customer  that   utilizes  the  Service   and/or  the
                     Company Customer                        Company's   products   and   services   other   than  in
                                                             connection with a MBE Center.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------
*  "PLD-compliant and ramp-ready" shall mean compliance with the electronic
   data requirements of each carrier supported by the Service.
                                    EXHIBIT D
                              SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS
     The Service will enable MBE and MBE Centers to process packages for
domestic shipment, weigh these packages, and create shipping labels. The Service
will export data to a given MBE Center's Point-of-Sale (POS) station, and will
support ARS/BIN packages, consignee billing, freight insurance, MBE proprietary
or designated transit declared value, and customer address book access. All
carrier rating information will be maintained by the Company from its central
database management system (DBMS). MBE Centers will be allowed to create or
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000modify their own mark-ups for shipping, and, at its expense, the Company will
update and/or adjust its pricing information for each MBE Center for each
carrier to reflect such modifications. This Exhibit D may be modified from time
to time by mutual agreement of the parties.
     The maximum amount of information downloaded from the Company's server
to the counter manifest station will be 15 kilobytes or less per package
processed.
     The following carriers and services will be supported:
UPS
---
Domestic:
--------
         Ground
         Three Day Select
         Second Day Air
         Second Day Air AM,
         Next Day Air Saver
         Next Day Air
         Next Day Air Early AM
International:
-------------
         Canada Standard
         Worldwide Expedited
           (including Canada/Mexico as set forth in the Specifications)
         Worldwide Express
           (including Canada/Mexico as set forth in the Specifications)
FedEx
-----
Domestic:
--------
         Express Saver
         2 Day
         Standard Overnight
         Priority Overnight
         First Overnight
International:
-------------
         International Economy
         International Priority
USPS
----
Domestic:
--------
         Parcel Post
         Priority Mail
         Express Mail
         First Class
International:
-------------
         Parcel Post Air
         Parcel Post Surface
         Small Parcel Air
         Small Parcel Surface
         Express Mail
         Global Priority Mail
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     The Service will include the following features, the more detailed
functionality of which will be agreed to from time to time by the parties as the
Service is developed:
1.       Table of Contents
2.       Table of Illustrations
3.       Introduction
3.1.     Purpose
3.2.     Scope
3.3.     Introduction
4.       Implementation
4.1      Organization
4.1.1.   Opening the Counter Manifest System
4.1.2.   Main Screen Organization
4.1.3.   Menu Structure
4.2.     General Functionality
4.2.1.   Keyboard & Mouse Behavior
4.2.2.   Sortable List Boxes
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/20004.2.3.   Find Package/Transaction Dialogs
4.2.4.   Find Manifest Dialogs
4.2.5.   Find Dialog Search Behavior
4.3.     Process Menu
4.3.1.   Process Package
4.3.2.   Find Package
4.3.3.   Find Customer
4.3.4.   Customer Address Dialog
4.3.5.   Recipient Address Dialog
4.3.6.   Address Book Dialog
4.3.7.   City/State/Postal Verification Dialog
4.3.8.   Region Locator Dialog
4.3.9.   Transaction Complete Dialog
4.3.10.  Point of Sale (POS) Export Records
4.3.11.  Enter ARS/BIN Package
4.3.12.  Process Consignee Billed
4.3.13.  Freight Insurance
4.3.14.  Reprint Last label
4.3.15.  Reprint label
4.3.16.  Edit Transaction
4.3.17.  Void Transaction
4.3.18.  Recall Voided Transaction
4.4.     Estimate
4.4.1.   Price a Package
4.4.2.   Create Estimate
4.4.3.   Edit Estimate
4.4.4.   Delete Estimate
4.5.     Manifest
4.5.1.   Perform End of Day
4.5.2.   Track a Package
4.5.3.   View Manifests
4.5.4.   View Transaction
4.5.5.   Reprint Manifest
4.6.     Reports
4.6.1.   Manifest Reports
4.6.2.   Rate Reports
4.6.3.   Management Reports
4.7.     Administration
4.7.1.   Preferences
4.7.2.   Center Information
4.7.3.   Taxable Items
4.7.4.   Scales and Printers
4.7.5.   Modify Rates Dialog
4.7.6.   Modify Rates for Zone Based Services
4.7.7.   Modify Rates for Weight Based/Single Zone Services
4.7.8.   Modify FedEx Service Option Rates Dialog
4.7.9.   Modify UPS Service Option Rates Dialog
4.7.10.  Modify USPS Service Option Rates Dialog
4.7.11.  Copy Rates
4.7.12.  Alternate Insurance Rates
4.8.     About
4.8.1.   Rate Effective Dates
4.8.2.   Version
5.       Services and Services Options
5.1.     Services
5.1.1.   UPS
5.1.2.   FedEx
5.1.3.   USPS
5.2      Service Options
5.2.1.   Declared Value
5.2.2.   Delivery Notification
5.2.3.   Proof of Delivery
5.2.4.   COD
5.2.5.   Call Tag
5.2.6.   Earliest Delivery Time
5.2.7.   Deliver Without Signature
5.2.8.   Certified Mail
Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/20001
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.26
Confidential Treatment Requested
                             CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
        This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement") by and between
VerticalNet, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation having a principal place of
business at 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100, Horsham, Pennsylvania, PA 19044
("VerticalNet"), and Neoforma.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a
principal place of business at 3255-7 Scott Boulevard, Santa Clara, CA 95054
("Neoforma"), is dated as of November 19, 1999 (the "Effective Date").
        In consideration of the mutual covenants herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS.
        1.1 ADVERTISING shall mean any paid advertisements, links, pointers,
sponsorships, buttons, banners, navigation, or any other placements or
promotions or similar services or rights on a Site, but excluding Advertising
that is not paid for or which is part of an overall partnering or revenue
sharing arrangement and any Product Listings.
        1.2 AFFILIATE shall mean, when used with reference to a Party, any
individual or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such Party. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of a Party, or the right to control the policy decisions of such
Party.
        1.3 CAREER CENTER GROSS MARGIN shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 10.5.1  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER] .
        1.4 CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER shall mean the Site located at an URL to be
mutually agreed upon (which agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) containing a VerticalNet Mark and a Neoforma Mark listing openings for
positions and posting other career information in the medical and healthcare
fields substantially in the form of the existing "Career Center" portions of the
VerticalNet Medical Online Communities.
        1.5 CO-BRANDED SITES shall mean the Co-Branded Career Center and the
Co-Branded Training and Education Center.
        1.6 CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION CENTER shall mean the Site located
at an URL to be mutually agreed upon (which agreement shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) containing a VerticalNet Mark and a Neoforma Mark listing
training and education offerings in the medical and healthcare fields
substantially in the form of the existing "Training and Education" portions of
the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities.
        1.7 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION shall mean all proprietary and confidential
information of a Party, including, without limitation, trade secrets, technical
information, business information, sales information, customer and potential
customer lists and identities, product sales plans, sublicense agreements,
inventions, developments, discoveries, software, know-how, methods, techniques,
formulae, data, processes and other trade secrets and proprietary ideas, whether
or
   2
not protectable under patent, trademark, copyright or other areas of law, that
the other Party has access to or receives and which, if disclosed in writing, is
marked as "Confidential Information," or if disclosed orally, is confirmed in
writing to be "Confidential Information" within five days of such oral
disclosure, but does not include information that (a) is or becomes publicly
available through no fault of the receiving Party; (b) was already known to the
receiving Party at the time it was disclosed to the receiving Party, as
evidenced by written records of the receiving Party; (c) is independently
developed by or on behalf of the receiving Party without reference or access to
such information, as evidenced by written records of the receiving Party; or (d)
is received from a third party who is under no obligation of confidentiality to
the disclosing Party.
        1.8 DEDUCTIBLES shall mean credits for claims, allowances, seller
rebates or returned goods, commissions paid to any third parties, and sales,
service, excise, use, value-added and other similar taxes (excluding income
taxes) actually paid.
        1.9 INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to
the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant
to Section 11.
        1.10 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY shall mean any and all trade secrets,
patents, copyrights, trademarks, URLs, trade dress, brand features, know-how and
similar rights of any type under the laws of any applicable governmental
authority, including, without limitation, all applications and registrations
relating to any of the foregoing.
        1.11 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS shall mean all rights in and to
Intellectual Property.
        1.12 LABORATORY PRODUCTS shall mean any equipment, instruments or other
products used for scientific research and analysis in the field of human health
care, including, but not limited to, the categories of equipment, instruments
and products listed on EXHIBIT A, (i) that is (a) previously used and is being
resold by or on behalf of the prior end-user purchaser or (b) previously sold
but unused and is being resold by or on behalf of the prior end-user purchaser,
and (ii) excluding Medical Products.
        1.13 LABORATORY PRODUCTS LISTINGS shall mean any VerticalNet Laboratory
Product Listings and Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings.
        1.14 LABORATORY PRODUCTS NET REVENUE shall mean the Transaction Fees
derived from the promotion and sale of the Neoforma Product Listings for
Laboratory Products through the Co-Branded Sites, less any Deductibles.
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/19991.15 LINK shall mean a link (including, but not limited to, a hyperlink,
button or banner) that connects two Sites in a manner so that when a user clicks
on the link, the user is transferred directly from one Site to a second Site. A
"Link from Site A to Site B" indicates that Site A is the Site of origin and
Site B is the Site to which the user is linked.
        1.16 MEDICAL PRODUCTS shall mean any equipment, including capital
equipment, instruments and other products used for in-patient diagnostic or
treatment purposes in the field of human health care, excluding Laboratory
Products.
                                       2
   3
        1.17 MEDICAL PRODUCTS LISTINGS shall mean any VerticalNet Medical
Product Listings and Neoforma Medical Product Listings.
        1.18 MEDICAL PRODUCTS NET REVENUE shall mean the Transaction Fees
derived from the sale of New Medical Products and Used and Excess Medical
Products through the Neoforma Sites, less any Deductibles.
        1.19 NEOFORMA AUCTION shall mean the functionality and services provided
at the "auction" portion of the Neoforma Site.
        1.20 NEOFORMA CAREER CONTENT shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 4.5  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER] .
        1.21 NEOFORMA COMPETITORS shall mean Medibuy.com, Promedix.com,
Medicalbuyer.com and Medsite.com. During the Term, Neoforma may add to this
defined term additional third parties whose primary purpose is the multi-vendor
online sale of Medical Products.
        1.22 NEOFORMA CONTENT shall mean the Neoforma Career Content and the
Neoforma T&E Content.
        1.23 NEOFORMA DELIVERABLE shall mean any good, service or other item to
be delivered or made available by Neoforma.
        1.24 NEOFORMA GAR shall mean Neoforma GAR, Inc.
        1.25 NEOFORMA HOME PAGE shall mean the home page located at the Neoforma
Site.
        1.26 NEOFORMA LABORATORY PRODUCTS LISTING shall mean a Neoforma Product
Listing relating to a Laboratory Product that is not already listed on a
VerticalNet Site.
        1.27 NEOFORMA LINK shall mean a Link that contains a Neoforma Mark and
will take users of other Sites to the Neoforma Home Page.
        1.28 NEOFORMA MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,
domain name, design or logo of Neoforma.
        1.29 NEOFORMA MEDICAL PRODUCTS LISTING shall mean a Neoforma Product
Listing relating to a Medical Product that is not already covered by a
VerticalNet Medical Product Listing on Neoforma Plan and/or Neoforma Shop.
        1.30 NEOFORMA PLAN shall mean the "plan" portion of the Neoforma Site.
        1.31 NEOFORMA PRODUCT LISTING shall mean a Product Listing of Neoforma
for Medical Products or Laboratory Products, including any Neoforma Product
Listings for Laboratory Products made available hereunder by Neoforma to
VerticalNet.
                                       3
   4
        1.32 NEOFORMA RESOURCES HOME PAGE shall mean the Site located at
http://www.neoforma.com/rf/index.html?PageMode=Static&file=resrc_main&hdrTab=
resources&subHdrTab=0&dir=resources (or a successor Site thereto).
        1.33 NEOFORMA SHOP shall mean the "shop" portion of the Neoforma Site.
        1.34 NEOFORMA SITE shall mean any Site owned and operated by Neoforma,
including, but not limited to, the Site located at www.neoforma.com (or any
successor Sites to any of the foregoing).
        1.35 NEOFORMA T&E CONTENT shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 5.5  [CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION SITE] .
        1.36 NET ADVERTISING REVENUE shall mean the gross amount collected by a
Party from a third party for the sale of Advertising, less any Deductibles.
        1.37 NEW MEDICAL PRODUCTS shall mean new, unused Medical Products.
        1.38 PARTY shall mean VerticalNet or Neoforma.
        1.39 PRODUCT LISTING shall mean a listing of a third party's product at
a Site in exchange for a fee, commission, or other compensation for purposes of
promoting the sale of such third party's product to a third party purchaser,
including, without limitation, sales by auction.
        1.40 QUALIFIED LEAD shall mean a customer referred by Neoforma to
VerticalNet that is not, at the time of referral, a customer of VerticalNet,
which customer has agreed to place a listing on (a) the Co-Branded Career Center
and/or (b) the Co-Branded Training and Education Center.
        1.41 RENEWAL TERM shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
11.1  [AUTOMATIC RENEWAL] .
        1.42 SITE shall mean a site located on the World Wide Web portion of the
Internet.
        1.43 TERM shall mean the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.
        1.44 TRAINING AND EDUCATION GROSS MARGIN shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 10.5.2  [CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION CENTER] .
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/19991.45 TRANSACTION ORIGINATION PARTY shall mean the Party from whose Site
a third party clicked through, using a Link, to a Site containing a Product
Listing resulting in the purchase of the product promoted in such Product
Listing by such third party.
        1.46 TRANSACTION FEE shall mean any payments, including, without
limitation, fees and commissions, but collected by a Party from a third party in
consideration for goods or services, excluding any Advertising for the benefit
of a third party, provided or promoted at one or more Sites operated or
controlled by such Party.
        1.47 URL shall mean a universal resource locator used for purposes of
identifying a page located on the Internet.
                                       4
   5
        1.48 USED AND EXCESS MEDICAL PRODUCTS shall mean (a) previously used
Medical Products being resold by or on behalf of the prior end-user purchaser
and (b) previously sold but unused Medical Products being resold by or on behalf
of the prior end-user purchaser.
        1.49 VERTICALNET AUCTION shall mean, in VerticalNet's discretion, the
Site located at www.labx.com (or a successor Site thereto) or the "Auction"
portion of the Site located at www.hospitalnetwork.com."
        1.50 VERTICALNET BUYER'S GUIDE shall mean the "Buyer's Guide" portion of
the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities (or a successor Site thereto).
        1.51 VERTICALNET COMPETITOR shall mean any Site primarily directed to
the sale or auction of Laboratory Products.
        1.52 VERTICALNET CONTENT shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 6.1  [VERTICALNET CONTENT] .
        1.53 VERTICALNET DELIVERABLE shall mean any good, service or other item
to be delivered or made available by VerticalNet.
        1.54 VERTICALNET LABORATORY PRODUCTS LISTING shall mean a VerticalNet
Product Listing relating to a Laboratory Product that is not already covered by
a Neoforma Medical Product Listing on a VerticalNet Site.
        1.55 VERTICALNET LINK shall mean a Link that contains a VerticalNet Mark
and will take users of other Sites to a page of a VerticalNet Site.
        1.56 VERTICALNET MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade
name, domain name, design or logo of VerticalNet.
        1.57 VERTICALNET MEDICAL ONLINE COMMUNITIES shall mean the Sites located
at www.edental.com, www.hospitalnetwork.com, www.medicaldesignonline.com, and
www.nurses.com (or any successor Sites to any of the foregoing).
        1.58 VERTICALNET MEDICAL PRODUCTS LISTING shall mean a VerticalNet
Product Listing relating to a Medical Product that is not already listed on
Neoforma Plan and Neoforma Shop.
        1.59 VERTICALNET PRODUCT LISTING shall mean a Product Listing of
VerticalNet for Medical Products or Laboratory Products, including any
VerticalNet Product Listings made available hereunder by VerticalNet to
Neoforma.
        1.60 VERTICALNET PRODUCT SHOWCASE shall mean the "Product Showcase"
portion of the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities.
        1.61 VERTICALNET SITE shall mean any Site owned and operated by
VerticalNet, including, but not limited to, the VerticalNet Medical Online
Communities, the Co-Branded Sites and the Site located at www.verticalnet.com
(or a successor Site to any of the foregoing).
                                       5
   6
2. MEDICAL PRODUCTS.
        2.1 Within 30 days after the Effective Date, VerticalNet shall provide a
copy of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings for Used and Excess Medical
Products existing as of the Effective Date to Neoforma for use on Neoforma Plan,
Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction on an exclusive basis (even as to
VerticalNet), to the extent VerticalNet has the right to do so.
        2.2 Within 30 days after the Effective Date, VerticalNet shall provide a
copy of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings for New Medical Products
existing as of the Effective Date to Neoforma for use on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma
Shop and Neoforma Auction on an exclusive basis (even as to VerticalNet), to the
extent VerticalNet has the right to do so. VerticalNet shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to acquire consent from its customers to provide all
VerticalNet Medical Product Listings for New Medical Products existing as of the
Effective Date to Neoforma.
        2.3 From time to time during the Term, VerticalNet shall provide a copy
of all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings received by VerticalNet after the
Effective Date to Neoforma as such Product Listings are made available to
VerticalNet for use on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction on an
exclusive basis (even as to VerticalNet), to the extent VerticalNet has the
right to do so. VerticalNet shall use commercially reasonable efforts to acquire
consent from its customers to provide all VerticalNet Medical Product Listings
for New Medical Products received by VerticalNet after the Effective Date to
Neoforma.
        2.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, VerticalNet's activities in
connection with its "Storefronts" and "E-Commerce Centers" (as conducted today,
in a fashion substantially similar to the manner in which such activities are
conducted today or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties, which
agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall not be considered
to be a breach of Section 2.1  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] , 2.2  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS]  or 2.3  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] .
        2.5 VerticalNet hereby grants Neoforma an exclusive license, even as to
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999VerticalNet, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit
the VerticalNet Medical Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the
terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that
VerticalNet has the right to do so.
        2.6 Neoforma shall list each VerticalNet Product Listing on Neoforma
Plan or Neoforma Shop or Neoforma Auction. The look-and-feel of the VerticalNet
Product Listings as displayed on Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma
Auction shall be substantially consistent with the look-and-feel of the other
Medical Products Listings displayed on such Sites, unless otherwise agreed upon
by the Parties.
        2.7 VerticalNet shall add a Neoforma Link to each VerticalNet Buyer's
Guide labeled "Neoforma Search" (or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the
Parties), substantially consistent with the prototype attached hereto as EXHIBIT
B, which Links shall be as prominent as the other Links on such Sites. If a user
of a VerticalNet Buyer's Guide clicks on such button, such user shall be linked
to a Site containing a VerticalNet frame surrounding the appropriate search
results on Neoforma Shop. As soon as is commercially reasonable, and in any
event, no later that the first anniversary of the Effective Date, such search
results shall only contain
                                       6
   7
Product Listings for New Medical Products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at
any time, Neoforma lists Used and Excess Medical Products on Neoforma Shop,
VerticalNet may remove or relocate the Neoforma Link described in this Section
2.7  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] , in VerticalNet's reasonable discretion.
        2.8 Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet the right to frame all pages of
the Neoforma Sites that contain Medical Products Listings with a frame
containing VerticalNet Marks substantially consistent with the prototype
attached hereto as EXHIBIT C, which framed pages shall only be accessible from
the VerticalNet Sites. VerticalNet shall place a Link on the homepage of each
VerticalNet Medical Online Community under "Marketplace" to such framed pages of
the Neoforma Sites.
        2.9 Neoforma shall host and maintain Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and
Neoforma Auction. Neoforma owns and shall continue to own the domain name and
the URL used in connection with its business, including but not limited to,
Neoforma Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction.
        2.10 VerticalNet shall not enter into any agreement with a Neoforma
Competitor for the on-line listing of Medical Products or place any Link to the
Site of a Neoforma Competitor on the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities.
        2.11 During the Term, VerticalNet shall not use its Site located at
www.meddeals.com to conduct online auctions of Medical Products.
3. LABORATORY PRODUCTS.
        3.1 Within 30 days after the Effective Date, Neoforma shall provide a
copy of all Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings existing as of the Effective
Date to VerticalNet for use on the VerticalNet Sites on an exclusive basis (even
as to Neoforma), to the extent Neoforma has the right to do so. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of Sections 3.1  [LABORATORY PRODUCTS]  through 3.8  [LABORATORY PRODUCTS]  shall not apply to any
Laboratory Product sold through live (non-virtual) auctions conducted by
Neoforma (through Neoforma GAR or otherwise) for which no Product Listing is
made; provided, however, that Neoforma shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to acquire Product Listings for all such Laboratory Products. If Neoforma
receives a set of Product Listings packaged as a "lot," Neoforma shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to provide all Laboratory Product Listings
contained in such "lot" to VerticalNet in accordance with this Agreement.
        3.2 From time to time during the Term, Neoforma shall provide a copy of
all Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings received by Neoforma after the
Effective Date to VerticalNet as such Product Listings are made available to
Neoforma for use on the VerticalNet Sites on an exclusive basis (even as to
Neoforma).
        3.3 Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license, even as to
Neoforma, to use, modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the
Neoforma Laboratory Product Listings, subject to and in accordance with the
terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, to the extent Neoforma has
the right to do so.
                                       7
   8
        3.4 VerticalNet shall list each such Neoforma Product Listing on the
VerticalNet Auction. Neoforma shall provide each Neoforma Product Listing to
VerticalNet in the form of the template attached hereto as EXHIBIT D. The
look-and-feel of the Neoforma Product Listings as displayed on the VerticalNet
Auction shall be substantially consistent with the look-and-feel of the other
Laboratory Products Listings displayed on the VerticalNet Auction, unless
otherwise agreed upon by the Parties.
        3.5 VerticalNet hereby grants Neoforma the right to frame all pages of
the VerticalNet Auction that contain Laboratory Products Listings with a frame
containing Neoforma Marks, which framed pages shall only be accessible from the
Neoforma Sites.
        3.6 VerticalNet shall host and maintain the VerticalNet Auction.
VerticalNet owns and shall continue to own the domain name and the URL used in
connection with the VerticalNet Auction.
        3.7 Neoforma shall add Links labeled "Laboratory" or "Laboratory
Equipment" (or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties) to a Site
containing a Neoforma frame surrounding the VerticalNet Auction from Neoforma
Plan, Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction, which Links shall be as prominent as
the other Links on such Sites.
        3.8 Neoforma shall not enter into, and shall cause its Affiliates to not
enter into, any agreement with a third party for the on-line listing of
Laboratory Products on a VerticalNet Competitor or place any Link to a
VerticalNet Competitor on the Neoforma Sites.
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/19993.9 Within four weeks after the Effective Date, the Parties will
collaborate to establish a close mutually-beneficial arrangement between
Neoforma GAR and VerticalNet.
4. CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER
        4.1 VerticalNet shall design, develop and implement a Co-Branded Career
Center and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement the Co-Branded
Career Center as soon as possible following the Effective Date, and in any
event, no later than February 1, 2000. The Co-Branded Career Center shall
contain employment listings from the "Career Center" portion of each VerticalNet
Medical Online Community. The overall "look and feel" of the Co-Branded Career
Center shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties and shall be substantially
in the form of EXHIBIT E. VerticalNet shall host and maintain the Co-Branded
Career Center in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement. Neoforma may maintain and/or add other career resource links to the
Neoforma Sites; provided, however, that Neoforma shall not place any Links on
any Neoforma Site to a Site that is primarily a career center and shall not
place a Neoforma Link on any Site that is primarily a career center.
        4.2 The Co-Branded Career Center shall contain Links to the "Career
Center" portion of each VerticalNet Medical Online Community.
        4.3 After the Co-Branded Career Center is implemented, VerticalNet shall
notify Neoforma in writing at least five days prior to making any material
change to the Co-Branded Career Center. If Neoforma does not notify VerticalNet
of its rejection of such change within five days, Neoforma shall be deemed to
have approved such change.
                                       8
   9
        4.4 VerticalNet shall register and own the domain name and the URL used
in connection with the Co-Branded Career Center, subject, however, to Neoforma's
agreement on the name to be used for the URL, which domain name and URL shall be
mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
        4.5 From time to time during the Term, Neoforma shall provide Qualified
Leads to VerticalNet for job listings for inclusion, at VerticalNet's then
current listing rate, in the Co-Branded Career Center and, in VerticalNet's sole
discretion, on any other VerticalNet Site. VerticalNet shall be responsible for,
and shall have sole control of, all credit, billing and collection in connection
with the Qualified Leads. Neoforma shall have no authority to make collections
on behalf of VerticalNet.
        4.6 Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use,
modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Career
Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions
of this Agreement. VerticalNet shall not disclose, transfer or otherwise provide
the Neoforma Career Content to any third party, except as otherwise permitted
under this Agreement.
        4.7 Neoforma shall place a Link on the Neoforma Resources Home Page
(unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties) labeled "Career Center"
(or a mutually agreeable substitute for such term) in a mutually agreeable
location and size that will directly transfer users to the Co-Branded Career
Center, which Links shall be as prominent as (a) the other Links on such Site
and (b) the "Career" Link on such Site on the Effective Date. Neoforma shall not
place any Link on a Neoforma Site to, or a Neoforma Link on the Site of, any
other provider or host of a service similar to the Co-Branded Career Center or
to any other career service websites.
        4.8 VerticalNet hereby grant Neoforma the right to frame all pages of
the Co-Branded Career Center with a frame, which framed pages shall only be
accessible from the Neoforma Sites.
5. CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION SITE
        5.1 VerticalNet shall design, develop and implement a Co-Branded
Training and Education Center and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
implement the Co-Branded Training and Education Center as soon as possible
following the Effective Date. The Co-Branded Training and Education Center shall
contain training and education listings from the "Training and Education"
portion of each VerticalNet Medical Online Community. The overall "look and
feel" of the Co-Branded Training and Education Center shall be mutually agreed
upon by the Parties and shall be substantially in the form of EXHIBIT F.
VerticalNet shall host and maintain the Co-Branded Training and Education Center
in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
        5.2 The Co-Branded Training and Education Center shall contain Links to
the "Training and Education" portion of each VerticalNet Medical Online
Community.
        5.3 After the Co-Branded Training and Education Center is implemented,
VerticalNet shall notify Neoforma in writing at least five days prior to making
any material change to the Co-Branded Training and Education Center. If Neoforma
does not notify VerticalNet of its rejection of such change within five days,
Neoforma shall be deemed to have approved such change.
                                       9
   10
        5.4 VerticalNet shall register and own the domain name and the URL used
in connection with the Co-Branded Training and Education Center, subject,
however, to Neoforma's agreement on the name to be used for the URL, which
domain name and URL shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
        5.5 On the Effective Date, Neoforma shall provide a copy of all listings
for inclusion, at VerticalNet's reasonable business discretion and at
VerticalNet's then current listing rate, in the Co-Branded Training and
Education Center and, in VerticalNet's sole discretion, on any other VerticalNet
Site (the "Neoforma T&E Content") on an exclusive basis (even as to Neoforma).
Neoforma shall provide the Neoforma T&E Content to VerticalNet. VerticalNet
shall be responsible for, and shall have sole control of, all credit, billing
and collection in connection with the Neoforma T&E Content. Neoforma shall have
no authority to make collections on behalf of VerticalNet.
        5.6 From time to time during the Term, Neoforma shall provide Qualified
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999Leads to VerticalNet for job listings for inclusion, at VerticalNet's then
current listing rate, in the Co-Branded Training and Education Center and, in
VerticalNet's sole discretion, on any other VerticalNet Site.
        5.7 Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use,
modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma T&E
Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions
of this Agreement. VerticalNet shall not disclose, transfer or otherwise provide
the Neoforma T&E Content to any third party, except as otherwise permitted under
this Agreement.
        5.8 Neoforma shall place a Link on the Neoforma Resources Home Page
(unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties) labeled "Training and
Education" (or mutually agreeable substitutes for such terms) in a mutually
agreeable location and size that will directly transfer users to the Co-Branded
Training and Education Center, which Links shall be as prominent as (a) the
other Links on such Site and (b) the "Training" Link on the Site on the
Effective Date. Neoforma shall not place any Link on a Neoforma Site to, or a
Neoforma Link on the Site of, any other provider or host of a service similar to
the Co-Branded Training and Education Center or to any other training or
education service websites.
6. VERTICALNET CONTENT
        6.1 VerticalNet shall from time to time provide or make available to
Neoforma, for use in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the title
and an abstract of (a) all original content created from time to time by the
managing editor of the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities, and (b) the
content created from time to time by guest columnists for the VerticalNet
Medical Online Communities (the "VerticalNet Content"), to the extent such
columnists have approved the provision of such content by VerticalNet to
Neoforma.
        6.2 VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use, reproduce, display and transmit the VerticalNet
Content, solely in connection with the operation of the Neoforma Site, subject
to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions of this
Agreement. Neoforma may reproduce, display and transmit any VerticalNet
                                       10
   11
Content for up to three weeks on the Neoforma Site, and after the expiration of
such three week period Neoforma shall cease to reproduce, display and transmit
such VerticalNet Content and shall remove such VerticalNet Content from the
Neoforma Site.
        6.3 On each page of the Neoforma Site that contains all or a portion of
the VerticalNet Content, Neoforma shall place a VerticalNet Link to the
VerticalNet Site that contains the full text of such VerticalNet Content in a
mutually agreeable location and size.
        6.4 Neoforma shall not remove any titles or any trademark, copyright or
patent notices, or any proprietary or restricted rights notices that appear on
the VerticalNet Content. All such titles and notices must be reproduced on all
permitted copies of the VerticalNet Content.
7. ADVERTISING
        7.1 ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE NEOFORMA SITE.
                7.1.1 During the Term, VerticalNet shall have the non-exclusive
right (except as to Neoforma) to arrange for the sale of Advertising on Neoforma
Plan (and any other parts of the Neoforma Sites within which Neoforma elects to
include Advertising) to third parties. During the Term, the parties shall meet
from time to time to discuss the Advertising inventory available for sale. Any
Advertising inventory that Neoforma appoints VerticalNet to arrange to sell
shall not also be appointed to any third party to arrange for sale to third
parties.
                7.1.2 VerticalNet will use commercially reasonable efforts to
sell advertisements on the Neoforma Sites. The advertising policies (including
rates and procedures) applicable to VerticalNet's sale of advertising for the
Neoforma Sites will be established by Neoforma (the "Neoforma Advertising
Policies"). Neoforma shall promptly notify VerticalNet of any changes to the
Neoforma Advertising Policies.
                7.1.3 VerticalNet shall provide notice to Neoforma of each
advertiser that agrees to place an advertisement on a Neoforma Site on the terms
and conditions contained in the then current Neoforma Advertising Policies.
Neoforma shall then have three business days after receipt of such notice to (a)
accept or reject such advertiser, in its reasonable business discretion, and (b)
notify VerticalNet of its decision. If, at the end of such three-day period,
Neoforma has not responded to such notice, Neoforma shall be deemed to have
accepted such advertiser. Neoforma shall then work with the advertiser to
facilitate the placement of the advertisement and maintain such advertisement on
the agreed-upon page of a Neoforma Site. Neoforma shall have the right to
terminate its agreement with any such advertiser in its reasonable business
discretion. Neoforma shall be responsible for, and shall have sole control of,
all credit, billing and collection with the advertisements on the Neoforma
Sites. VerticalNet shall have no authority to make collections on behalf of
Neoforma.
                7.1.4 During the Term, Neoforma shall not place any
advertisements on a Neoforma Site for any VerticalNet Competitor.
        7.2 ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE CO-BRANDED SITES.
                                       11
   12
                7.2.1 During the Term, VerticalNet shall have the exclusive
right to arrange for the sale of all advertising on the Co-Branded Sites,
subject to reasonable approval of each such advertiser by Neoforma. Neoforma
shall have two days to consider each VerticalNet request for approval of the
sale of advertising on a Co-Branded Site. If, at then end of such two-day
period, Neoforma has neither approved nor denied a request, VerticalNet's
request shall be deemed approved.
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/19997.2.2 VerticalNet will use reasonable efforts to sell
advertisements on the Co-Branded Sites subject to VerticalNet's then current
advertising policies (including rates and procedures).
8. CO-MARKETING ACTIVITIES
        8.1 ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. VerticalNet and Neoforma shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to co-promote the VerticalNet Medical Online
Communities, the Co-Branded Sites, the VerticalNet Buyer's Guide, Neoforma Plan,
Neoforma Shop and Neoforma Auction in mutually agreeable advertising, collateral
marketing material and sales force activities. All co-promotion advertising
materials produced by or on behalf of either Party (the "Originating Party")
shall be subject to the written approval of the other Party (the "Receiving
Party"), which approval shall not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned. The Receiving Party shall notify the Originating Party of its
approval or disapproval of such advertising materials as soon as practicable,
but in any event within five business days after Receiving Party's receipt
thereof. Any failure of the Receiving Party to respond within such five business
day period shall be deemed disapproval of the advertising materials in question.
        8.2 REGISTRATION. The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to coordinate their registration systems to create a "pass-through" registration
system for users first accessing the other's Sites. If a user first accesses a
Neoforma Site from a VerticalNet Site, such user shall be considered a
VerticalNet user for the purposes of this Agreement, to the extent such user
identifies him/her/itself, or Neoforma can reasonably identify such user, as a
VerticalNet user. If a user first accesses a VerticalNet Site from a Neoforma
Site, such user shall be considered a Neoforma user for the purposes of this
Agreement, to the extent such user identifies him/her/itself, or VerticalNet can
reasonably identify such user, as a Neoforma user.
        8.3 CROSS-PROMOTION. The Parties shall place Links to each other's Sites
in mutually agreeable locations and sizes on their respective Sites as soon as
practicable, and in no event more than 15 days after the Effective Date. The
Links shall remain on the Sites during the Term; provided, however, that such
Links may be removed or relocated if the Parties mutually agree thereto.
        8.4 NEWSLETTERS.
                8.4.1 NEOFORMA NEWSLETTERS. If Neoforma distributes a newsletter
to its users or customers, Neoforma shall promote the VerticalNet Auction, the
Co-Branded Career Center and the Co-Branded Training and Education Center in
each such newsletter, in a manner consistent with the manner in which other
third party promotions are set forth in such newsletters.
                                       12
   13
                8.4.2 VERTICALNET NEWSLETTERS. VerticalNet shall allow Neoforma
to place sponsorships at no additional charge for Neoforma Shop, Neoforma Plan
or Neoforma Auction in the VerticalNet newsletter distributed to its subscriber
base two times during each calendar month, in a manner consistent with the
manner in which other third party sponsorships are set forth in such
newsletters.
        8.5 LINKS.
                8.5.1 Throughout the first six months after the Effective Date,
VerticalNet shall place button Links to Neoforma Shop or Neoforma Auction on (a)
[*] of all available third-party advertising inventory on the home pages of the
VerticalNet Medical Online Communities. Thereafter, VerticalNet shall place
button Links to Neoforma Shop or Neoforma Auction on unsold third-party
advertising inventory (up to [*] of the total third party advertising inventory)
on the home pages of the VerticalNet Medical Online Communities as frequently as
VerticalNet places internal advertisements on such advertising inventory and (b)
the site located at www.meddeals.com.
                8.5.2 Throughout the Term, VerticalNet shall place button Links
to Neoforma Shop or Neoforma Auction on (a) the VerticalNet Buyer's Guides (as
described in Section 2.7  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] ) and VerticalNet Auction, and (b) the "News Analysis,"
"Product Center" and "Discussion Forums" portions of the VerticalNet Medical
Online Communities.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
        9.1 Except as set forth in Section 2.10  [MEDICAL PRODUCTS] , nothing in this Agreement shall
be construed as preventing VerticalNet from implementing VerticalNet Links on
any other Site.
        9.2 Except as set forth in Sections 3.8  [LABORATORY PRODUCTS]  and 5.8  [CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION SITE] , nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as preventing Neoforma from implementing Neoforma
Links on any other Site.
        9.3 VerticalNet hereby grants to Neoforma a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the VerticalNet
Sites through a VerticalNet Link. VerticalNet shall furnish Neoforma with a full
color representation of each VerticalNet Link at least two days prior to its
scheduled placement on a page of the Neoforma Site. If VerticalNet subsequently
modifies any VerticalNet Link or the URL associated with such VerticalNet Link,
it shall furnish a representation of same to Neoforma, which Neoforma shall
substitute for the prior version within two days after receipt thereof.
VerticalNet shall have final approval over all VerticalNet Links on the Neoforma
Site.
        9.4 Neoforma hereby grants VerticalNet a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Neoforma Sites
through a Neoforma Link. Neoforma shall furnish VerticalNet with a full color
representation of each Neoforma Link at least two days prior to its scheduled
placement on the Co-Branded Sites or a VerticalNet Medical Online Community. If
Neoforma subsequently modifies any Neoforma Link or the URL associated with such
Neoforma Link, it shall furnish a representation of same to VerticalNet, which
VerticalNet shall substitute for the prior version within two days after receipt
thereof. Neoforma shall have final approval over all Neoforma Links on the
Co-Branded Sites or a VerticalNet Medical Online Community.
*Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
 omitted portions.
                                       13
   14
        9.5 Except for the express rights granted to Neoforma under this
Agreement, Neoforma acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual Property of
VerticalNet is and shall remain the sole property of VerticalNet and nothing in
this Agreement shall confer in Neoforma any right of ownership or license rights
in VerticalNet's Intellectual Property. In addition, Neoforma shall not now or
in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property.
        9.6 Except for the express rights granted to VerticalNet under this
Agreement, VerticalNet acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual Property of
Neoforma is and shall remain the sole property of Neoforma and nothing in this
Agreement shall confer in VerticalNet any right of ownership or license rights
in Neoforma's Intellectual Property. In addition, VerticalNet shall not now or
in the future contest the validity of Neoforma's Intellectual Property.
        9.7 Neoforma agrees to use the VerticalNet Marks in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and with good trademark practices including, but not
limited to, protecting the value of the goodwill residing in such Intellectual
Property.
        9.8 VerticalNet agrees to use the Neoforma Marks in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and with good trademark practices including, but not
limited to, protecting the value of the goodwill residing in such Intellectual
Property.
        9.9 Except as explicitly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed as preventing either Party from developing other co-branded
versions of its materials, data, information and content.
10. COMMERCIAL TERMS
        10.1 DEVELOPMENT FEE. On the Effective Date, Neoforma shall pay to
VerticalNet a one-time, non-refundable fee in the amount of [*] in consideration
of VerticalNet's design, development and implementation of the Co-Branded Sites
pursuant to Sections 4.1  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER]  and 5.1  [CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION SITE] , respectively.
        10.2 PROMOTIONAL FEES. In consideration of the performance by
VerticalNet of its obligation to promote the Neoforma Shop, Neoforma Plan and
Neoforma Auction under Section 8.2  [REGISTRATION], Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet a
promotional fee equal to [*], payable in eight equal quarterly and
non-refundable installments of [*], with the first installment payable on the
Effective Date, the second installment payable on the [*] month anniversary of
the Effective Date, the third installment payable on the [*] month anniversary
of the Effective Date, the fourth installment payable on the [*] month
anniversary of the Effective Date, the fifth installment payable on the [*]
month anniversary of the Effective Date, the sixth installment payable on the
[*] month anniversary of the Effective Date, the seventh installment payable on
the [*] month anniversary of the Effective Date and the eighth and final
installment payable on the [*] month anniversary of the Effective Date.
        10.3 MEDICAL PRODUCTS LISTINGS .
                10.3.1 During each 12 month period during the Initial Term that
commences on the Effective Date or an anniversary of the Effective Date (each, a
"Contract Year"),
*Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the
 Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
 omitted portions.
                                       14
   15
commissions shall accrue in an amount equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net
Revenues during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical
Products Listing or (b) any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which
VerticalNet was the Transaction Origination Party. From and after the point when
such accrued commissions equal [*] in any Contract Year (such [*] of accrued
commissions shall not be payable by Neoforma), Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet
commissions equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net Revenues during such
Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical Products Listing or (b)
any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which VerticalNet was the Transaction
Origination Party.
                10.3.2 After the Initial Term, Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet
commissions equal to [*] of any Medical Products Net Revenues during such
Contract Year resulting from (a) any VerticalNet Medical Products Listing or (b)
any Neoforma Medical Products Listing for which VerticalNet was the Transaction
Origination Party.
        10.4 LABORATORY PRODUCTS LISTINGS . During the Term, VerticalNet shall
pay to Neoforma commissions equal to [*] of any Laboratory Products Net Revenues
during such Contract Year resulting from (a) any Neoforma Laboratory Products
Listing or (b) any VerticalNet Laboratory Products Listing for which Neoforma
was the Transaction Origination Party.
        10.5 CO-BRANDED SITES.
                10.5.1 CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER . VerticalNet will pay Neoforma
[*] of the Career Center Gross Margin. "Career Center Gross Margin" shall mean
the listing fees related to the Neoforma Career Content and e-commerce revenue
derived during the Term from users of the Co-Branded Career Center (less
Deductibles).
                10.5.2 CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION CENTER . VerticalNet
will pay Neoforma [*] of the Training and Education Gross Margin. "Training and
Education Gross Margin" shall mean the listing fees related to the Neoforma T&E
Content and e-commerce revenue derived during the Term from users of the
Co-Branded Training and Education Center (less Deductibles).
        10.6 ADVERTISING REVENUE.
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/199910.6.1 Except as set forth in Section 10.6.4  [ADVERTISING REVENUE] , during the Term,
VerticalNet shall not share any revenue derived from advertisements hosted on
any VerticalNet Site with Neoforma; provided, however, that if Neoforma brings
VerticalNet a Qualified Ad Lead (as defined below) for a new customer that turns
into a sale of advertising on a VerticalNet Medical Online Community,
VerticalNet shall pay to Neoforma a commission of [*] of the Net Advertising
Revenue resulting from such sale of advertising. As used in this Section 10.6.1  [ADVERTISING REVENUE] ,
a "Qualified Ad Lead" shall mean a customer referred to VerticalNet by Neoforma
that is not, at the time of referral, a customer of VerticalNet, and which
customer has agreed to place an advertisement on a VerticalNet Medical Online
Community on the terms and conditions contained in VerticalNet's then current
advertising policies.
*Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the
 Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
 omitted portions.
                                       15
   16
                10.6.2 VerticalNet shall have the first right to sell renewals
of Advertising originally sold by VerticalNet on the Neoforma Sites until 30
days after the then current term of such Advertising expires.
                10.6.3 Neoforma shall pay to VerticalNet a commission of [*] of
the Net Advertising Revenue received during the Term for the initial placement
and renewals of Advertising sold by VerticalNet on the Neoforma Sites. In
addition, if Neoforma sells Advertising to a third party on the Neoforma Sites
independently from VerticalNet and if Neoforma previously rejected Advertising
by such party when proposed by VerticalNet pursuant to Section 7.1.3  [ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE NEOFORMA SITE] , or
terminated without cause a prior agreement with such third party that had
resulted from such a proposal by VerticalNet, then Neoforma shall pay [*] of the
Net Advertising Revenue resulting from such Advertising during the Term to
VerticalNet. Neoforma shall provide prompt notice to VerticalNet of each
advertiser that has agreed with Neoforma to place an advertisement on a Neoforma
Site.
                10.6.4 VerticalNet shall pay to Neoforma a commission of [*] of
the Net Advertising Revenue received by VerticalNet during the Term for
Advertising on the Co-Branded Sites.
        10.7 PAYMENT TERMS. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each
Party shall provide the other Party with all amounts due under this Agreement
for the prior calendar quarter within 30 days after the end of each calendar
quarter during the Term. Each payment shall be accompanied by a statement
detailing the amount of applicable gross revenue received, the calculation of
the amount due to the other Party and the amount of the payment accompanying
such statement. All payments due to either Party hereunder shall be made in
immediately available U.S. funds, without set-off or counterclaim, less any
taxes, duties, charges, withholdings, restrictions or conditions of any nature
imposed or levied by any governmental taxing or other authority.
        10.8 TAXES. All payments required under this Agreement are exclusive of
federal, state, local and foreign taxes, duties, tariffs, levies and similar
assessments. When applicable, such taxes shall appear as separate items on a
Party's invoice or statement of the other Party. Payment of such taxes or
charges shall be the responsibility of the Party whose obligation it is under
this Agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxes are assessed,
excluding any taxes based upon the other Party's net income. In lieu thereof, a
Party shall provide the other Party with a tax or levy exemption certificate
acceptable to the taxing or levying authority.
        10.9 AUDITS. During the 18-month period following the payment by one
Party of any amount due under this Agreement to the other Party, the Party
receiving payment (the "Auditing Party") shall have the right, at its own
expense, to have an independent "Big Five" accounting firm (the "Auditor") audit
the financial records of the other Party (the "Audited Party") relating to such
payment to verify the accuracy of the Audited Party's financial records in order
to verify the amount of the payments owed and/or paid. The Auditing Party may
cause the Auditor to perform such an audit not more than once in any 12-month
period, unless a prior audit within the past two years revealed that the amount
owed by the Audited Party to the Auditing Party was underpaid in excess of 8% of
the amount owed, in which case an audit may be performed no more frequently than
twice in any 12-month period. If the amount owed by the Audited Party to
*Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the
 Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
 omitted portions.
                                       16
   17
the Auditing Party was underpaid, the Audited Party shall pay the additional
amount owed and all accrued interest thereon to the Auditing Party within 15
days of notice of such underpayment to the Audited Party. If the amount owed by
the Audited Party to the Auditing Party was underpaid in excess of 10% of the
amount owed, the fees of such audit shall also be paid to the Auditing Party
within 15 days of notice of such to the Audited Party. If the amount owed by the
Audited Party to the Auditing Party was overpaid, the Auditing Party shall
return the excess amount paid to the Auditing Party within 15 days of notice of
such underpayment to the Auditing Party. The Auditing Party shall give
reasonable advance written notice to the Audited Party, and each audit shall be
conducted during normal business hours and in a manner that does not cause
unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by the Audited Party.
        10.10 INTEREST. All payments not paid by the date such payments are due
shall bear interest from the due date to the date payments are actually paid at
the rate of the lower of (a) 1% per month or (b) the maximum rate permitted by
law.
11. TERM AND TERMINATION
        11.1 AUTOMATIC RENEWAL. This Agreement will automatically renew at the
end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis
(each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30
days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as
applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination
Notice").
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/199911.2 TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Either Party may terminate this Agreement
immediately upon written notice to the other Party in the event any material
breach of a material term of this Agreement by such other Party that remains
uncured 30 days in the case of a breach of a payment obligation, or 45 days for
all other breaches, after notice of such breach was received by such other
Party; provided, however that if such breach is not reasonably capable of cure
within the applicable cure period, the breaching Party shall have an additional
180 days to cure such breach so long as the cure is commenced within the
applicable cure period and thereafter is diligently prosecuted to completion as
soon as possible.
        11.3 UPON TERMINATION. Upon termination of this Agreement, (a) each
Party's liability for any charges, payments or expenses due to the other Party
that accrued prior to the date of termination shall not be extinguished by
termination, and such amounts (if not otherwise due on an earlier date) shall be
immediately due and payable on the termination date; (b) VerticalNet shall be
responsible for all charges, payments or expenses incurred by it in connection
with the removal of the Neoforma Links, Neoforma Content and Neoforma Product
Listings from the Co-Branded Sites and all other VerticalNet Sites; (c) Neoforma
shall be responsible for all charges, payments or expenses incurred by it in
connection with the removal of the VerticalNet Links, VerticalNet Content and
VerticalNet Product Listings from the Neoforma Sites; (d) all rights of Neoforma
to use, display, reproduce or publish the VerticalNet Marks shall immediately
cease, (e) all rights of VerticalNet to use, display, reproduce or publish the
Neoforma Marks shall immediately cease, (f) all rights of Neoforma to use,
display, reproduce and transmit the VerticalNet Content and VerticalNet Product
Listings shall immediately cease and Neoforma shall, at VerticalNet's cost,
return one copy of the VerticalNet Content and VerticalNet Product Listings for
Medical Products to VerticalNet in electronic format and destroy all other
copies of
                                       17
   18
such content, (g) all rights of VerticalNet to use, create derivative works of,
reproduce, display, perform and transmit the Neoforma Content and Neoforma
Product Listings shall immediately cease and VerticalNet shall, at Neoforma's
cost, return one copy of the Neoforma Content and the Neoforma Product Listings
for Laboratory Products to Neoforma in electronic format and destroy all other
copies of such content, (h) all rights of VerticalNet to arrange for the sale of
advertising on the Neoforma Sites shall immediately cease, (i) VerticalNet shall
retain ownership of the domain names and URLs at which the VerticalNet Sites
(including, but not limited to, the Co-Branded Sites) are located, and (j)
Neoforma shall retain ownership of the domain names and URLs at which the
Neoforma Sites (including, but not limited to Neoforma Plan and Neoforma Shop)
are located. If a Termination Notice is sent, the parties shall promptly meet to
discuss a phase-out of the Co-Branded Sites and all Links and transfers of
Product Listings set forth herein.
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
        12.1 NEGOTIATION AND ESCALATION. If any controversy or claim arises
relating to this Agreement, the Parties will attempt in good faith to negotiate
a solution to their differences, including progressively escalating any
controversy or claim through senior levels of management. If negotiation does
not result in a resolution within 30 days of when one Party first notifies the
other of the controversy or claim, either Party may resort to arbitration under
Section 12.2  [ARBITRATION].
        12.2 ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim between the Parties
concerning any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or performance or
nonperformance of any obligation under this Agreement which cannot be resolved
by negotiation will be resolved by binding arbitration under this Section 12.2  [ARBITRATION]
and the then-current Commercial Rules and supervision of the American
Arbitration Association (the "AAA"). If any part of this Section 12.2  [ARBITRATION] is held to
be unenforceable, it will be severed and will not affect either the duty to
arbitrate or any other part of this Section 12.2  [ARBITRATION]. The arbitration will be held
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, before a sole disinterested arbitrator who is
knowledgeable in business information and the Internet and experienced in
handling commercial disputes. The arbitrator shall be appointed jointly by the
Parties hereto within 30 days following the date on which the arbitration is
instituted. If the Parties are unable to agree upon the arbitrator within such
30-day period, the AAA shall be instructed to select such arbitrator within 15
days thereafter. The arbitrator's award will be final and binding and may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator will not have the power
to award punitive or exemplary damages, or any damages excluded by, or in excess
of, any damage limitations expressed in this Agreement. Issues of arbitrability
will be determined in accordance solely with the federal substantive and
procedural laws relating to arbitration; in all other respects, the arbitrator
will be obligated to apply and follow the substantive law of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania.
        12.3 EQUITABLE RELIEF. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, in the event of an alleged violation of Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY] of this Agreement
by either Party, the Party alleging such a violation may seek temporary
injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court of competent
jurisdiction pending appointment of an arbitrator. The Party requesting such
relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of the dispute, and
shall
                                       18
   19
request that the American Arbitration Association proceed under its rules for an
expedited hearing.
        12.4 COSTS. Unless the arbitrator, if any, determines otherwise, each
Party will bear its own attorneys' fees and other costs associated with the
negotiation and arbitration provided for by this Article 12  [DISPUTE RESOLUTION] , except that costs
and expenses of the arbitrators shall be shared equally. If court proceedings to
stay litigation or compel arbitration are necessary, the Party who
unsuccessfully opposes such proceedings will pay all associated costs, expenses
and attorneys' fees that are reasonably incurred by the other Party.
        12.5 TWO YEAR LIMITATION. Except for claims under Sections 15.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA]  and 15.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]
hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising
out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or
misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999becomes known, whichever is later.
        12.6 CONFIDENTIALITY. In order to facilitate the resolution of
controversies or claims between the Parties with respect to each Party hereto,
such controversies or claims, including details regarding negotiations,
arbitration and settlement terms, shall be treated as Confidential Information
of the other Party hereto in accordance with Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY].
        12.7 REMEDIAL MEASURES. In the event of (a) any material remediable
breach of this Agreement by the other Party which remains uncured 30 days after
notice of such breach (other than a breach of a payment obligation) was received
by the other Party or (b) any material breach which cannot be cured, the
non-breaching Party may take reasonable remediable measures at the cost of the
breaching Party without prejudice and in addition to any other rights arising
from such breach. In addition, the non-breaching Party shall take reasonable
steps to mitigate damages arising out of such breach.
13. CONFIDENTIALITY
        13.1 CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. Except as permitted elsewhere under
this Agreement, each Party agrees to take Reasonable Steps (as defined below)
(a) to receive and maintain the Confidential Information of the other Party in
confidence, (b) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any third
parties and (c) to promptly notify the disclosing Party upon learning of any
law, rule, regulation or court order that purports to compel disclosure of any
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party and to reasonably cooperate
with the disclosing Party in the exercise of the disclosing Party's right to
protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information. Neither Party
hereto shall use all or any part of the Confidential Information of the other
Party for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under this
Agreement. The Parties will take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) to ensure
that their employees, representatives and agents comply with this provision. As
used herein, "Reasonable Steps" means at least the same degree of care that the
receiving Party uses to protect its own Confidential Information, and, in no
event, no less than reasonable care.
        13.2 EXCLUSIONS. Nothing contained herein shall prevent a Party from
disclosing Confidential Information pursuant to any applicable law, rule,
regulation or court order; provided, however, that such Party complies with the
notice provisions of Section 13.1(c)  [CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS]  to the
                                       19
   20
extent permissible under applicable laws, rules, regulations or court orders.
Such disclosure shall not alter the status of such information hereunder for all
other purposes as Confidential Information.
        13.3 TERMINATION. Upon termination of this Agreement, all Confidential
Information shall be returned to the disclosing Party or destroyed unless
otherwise specified or permitted elsewhere under this Agreement. The
confidentiality obligations contained in this Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY] shall survive
termination of this Agreement for a period of three years.
        13.4 INJUNCTION. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the provisions
of this Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY] are reasonable and necessary to protect the other Party's
interests in its Confidential Information, that any breach of the provisions of
this Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY] may result in irreparable harm to such other Party, and that the
remedy at law for such breach may be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of
any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY] by a Party
hereto, the other Party, in addition to any other relief available to it at law,
in equity or otherwise, shall be entitled to seek temporary and permanent
injunctive relief restraining the breaching Party from engaging in and/or
continuing any conduct that would constitute a breach of this Article 13  [CONFIDENTIALITY],
without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond or other
security.
        13.5 PUBLICITY. Except as may be required by applicable laws, rules or
regulations (including those arising under any securities laws), neither Party
will originate any publicity, news release or other public announcement, written
or oral, whether to the public press or otherwise, concerning the relationship
between the Parties or the transactions described in this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event disclosure is required by
applicable law, rules or regulations, then the Party required to so disclose
such information shall, to the extent possible, provide to the other Party for
its approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) a written copy of
such public announcement at least five business days prior to disclosure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party shall have the right to make a press
release with respect to its entering into this Agreement; provided that such
Party provides to the other Party a copy of the proposed press release no less
than five business days prior to its proposed release and that the contents of
such press release shall be subject to the other Party's consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.
14. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each Party hereby represents, covenants and
warrants to the other Party that:
        14.1 It has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement and to
grant the rights and licenses granted herein and otherwise perform this
Agreement;
        14.2 It is not a Party to any agreement or understanding and knows of no
law or regulation that would prohibit it from entering into and performing this
Agreement or that would conflict with this Agreement; and
        14.3 When executed and delivered by it, this Agreement will constitute a
legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance
with this Agreement's terms.
                                       20
   21
15. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
        15.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, VERTICALNET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL VERTICALNET DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
        15.2 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, NEOFORMA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL NEOFORMA DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
        15.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY
EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 13, THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF NEOFORMA UNDER
SECTIONS 15.4(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA]  AND (d) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET
UNDER SECTION 15.5(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]  AND (d), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE
13, THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF NEOFORMA UNDER SECTION 15.4(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA]  AND (d)
AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 15.5(c)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]  AND
(d), EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED $1,000,000.
        15.4 INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA. Neoforma shall indemnify and hold
harmless VerticalNet and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, obligations,
penalties, judgments, awards, costs, expenses and disbursements, including
without limitation, the costs, expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred,
of investigating, preparing or defending any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation asserted by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by Neoforma of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it under this Agreement, (b)
negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of Neoforma or
its Affiliates or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c)
any claim that the Neoforma Content, Neoforma Product Listings, Neoforma Sites
or a Neoforma Mark violates, infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual
Property Rights or any other right of any third party, or (d) the use of a
VerticalNet Mark or a VerticalNet Deliverable outside of the license rights
granted herein.
        15.5 INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET. VerticalNet shall indemnify and
hold harmless Neoforma and its officers, directors, employees and agents from
and against any and all losses,
                                       21
   22
claims, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, costs,
expenses and disbursements, including without limitation, the costs, expenses
and disbursements, as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing or
defending any action, suit, proceeding or investigation asserted by a third
party, caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of or in connection with
(a) any breach by VerticalNet of the representations, warranties or agreements
made by it under this Agreement, (b) negligence, recklessness or intentional
misconduct on the part of VerticalNet or its officers, directors, employees,
agents or consultants, (c) any claim that the VerticalNet Content, VerticalNet
Product Listings, VerticalNet Sites or a VerticalNet Mark violates, infringes or
misappropriates any Intellectual Property Rights or any other right of any third
party, or (d) the use of a Neoforma Mark or a Neoforma Deliverable outside of
the license rights granted herein.
        15.6 INDEMNITEE OBLIGATIONS. Each person seeking to be reimbursed,
indemnified, defended and/or held harmless under Sections 15.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA]  or 15.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]  (each, an
"Indemnitee") shall (a) provide the Party obliged to indemnify such Indemnitee
with prompt written notice of any claim, suit, demand or other action for which
such Indemnitee seeks to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended or held harmless
(each, a "Claim"), which notice shall include a reasonable identification of the
alleged facts giving rise to such Claim; (b) grant such Party reasonable
authority and control over the defense and settlement of any such Claim; and (c)
reasonably cooperate with such Party and its agents in defense of any such
Claim. Each Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of any
Claim for which such Indemnitee seeks to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended or
held harmless, by using attorneys of such Indemnitee's choice, at such
Indemnitee's expense. Any settlement of a Claim for which any Indemnitee seeks
to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended or held harmless under this Article
shall be subject to the prior written approval of such Indemnitee, such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
        15.7 ESSENTIAL PART OF BARGAIN. The Parties acknowledge that the
disclaimers and limitations set forth in this Article 15  [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...]  are an essential
element of this Agreement between the Parties and that the Parties would not
have entered into this Agreement without such disclaimers and limitations.
16. MISCELLANEOUS
        16.1 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its
conflicts of law provisions.
        16.2 NO ASSIGNMENT. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither Party
shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder,
in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the
prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld at the
other Party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either
Party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other
Party to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger or sale of all or
substantially all of the stock or assets of such Party.
        16.3 GOOD FAITH. The Parties undertake to display to each other the
utmost good faith, consistent with their respective rights and obligations set
forth in this Agreement.
                                       22
   23
        16.4 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. In connection with this Agreement, each
Party is an independent contractor. This Agreement does not, and shall not be
construed to, create an employer-employee, agency, joint venture or partnership
relationship between the Parties. Neither Party shall have any authority to act
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999for or to bind the other Party in any way, to alter any of the terms or
conditions of any of the other Party's standard forms of invoices, sales
agreements, warranties or otherwise, or to warrant or to execute agreements on
behalf of the other or to represent that it is in any way responsible for the
acts, debts, liabilities or omissions of the other Party.
        16.5 NOTICES. All notices, reports, payments and other communications
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a "Notice") shall
be in writing and shall be given either by personal delivery against a signed
receipt, by express delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, or
by facsimile. All Notices shall be properly addressed as follows, or to such
other addresses as may be specified in a Notice given hereunder:
If to VerticalNet:                          with a copy to:
     Attn: General Counsel                       Attn: Mario V. Shaffer
     VerticalNet, Inc.                           VerticalNet, Inc.
     700 Dresher Road, Suite 100                 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100
     Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044                 Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044
     Fax No.: (215) 443-3336                     Fax No.: (215) 784-1960
If to Neoforma:                             with a copy to:
     Attn: Chief Financial Officer               Attn: Ralph M. Pais, Esq.
     Neoforma, Inc.                              Fenwick & West LLP
     3255-7 Scott Boulevard                      Two Palo Alto Square
     Santa Clara, CA 95054                       Palo Alto, CA 94306
     Fax No.: 408-549-6211                       Fax No.: 650-494-1417
A Notice shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or, if sent via
overnight delivery, upon receipt thereof. A Notice sent via facsimile is deemed
effective on the same day (or if such day is not a business day, then on the
next succeeding business day) if such facsimile is sent before 5:00 p.m.
Philadelphia time and on the next day (or if such day is not a business day,
then on the next succeeding business day) if such Notice is sent after 5:00 p.m.
Philadelphia time.
        16.6 AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION. No subsequent amendment, modification or
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by the Parties.
        16.7 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets out the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, arrangements and communications,
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.
                                       23
   24
        16.8 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then to the fullest extent permitted by law
(a) the same shall not effect the other terms or provisions of this Agreement,
(b) such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary in
the tribunal's opinion to render such term or provision enforceable, and the
rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced
accordingly, preserving to the fullest extent the intent and agreements of the
Parties set forth herein and (c) such finding of invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of
such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
        16.9 NO WAIVER. Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement is not a
waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term. No term or provision of
this Agreement will be deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or
excuse is in writing and signed by the Party against whom enforcement of such
waiver or excuse is sought.
        16.10 SURVIVAL. Sections 10.7  [PAYMENT TERMS]-10.10  [INTEREST], 11.3  [UPON TERMINATION]  and 12-16; any payment
obligations of the Parties hereunder accruing prior to the date of termination;
and any other provision herein expressly surviving termination or necessary to
interpret the rights and obligations of the Parties in connection with the
termination of the term of this Agreement will survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
        16.11 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other
than the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
        16.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives all
rights a Party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.
        16.13 TITLES. The headings appearing at the beginning of the Sections
contained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and reference
purposes only and shall not be used to determine the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement. The nomenclature of the defined terms in this
Agreement shall only be used for the construction of this Agreement, and are not
to be used for any other purpose, including, but not limited to, interpretation
for accounting purposes.
        16.14 FORCE MAJEURE. Neither Party shall be held to be in breach of this
Agreement by reason of a force majeure event, including, but not limited to, act
of God, delay in transportation, fire, flood, earthquake, storm, war, act of a
public enemy, civil commotion or any law, rule, regulation, order or other
action by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a Party's
control. To the extent failure to perform is caused by such a force majeure
event, such Party shall be excused from performance hereunder so long as such
event continues to prevent such performance, and provided the non-performing
Party takes all reasonable steps to resume full performance.
        16.15 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each Party shall comply with all prevailing
laws, rules and regulations and obtain all necessary approvals, consents and
permits required by the applicable
                                       24
   25
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999agencies of the government of the jurisdictions that apply to its activities or
obligations under this Agreement.
        16.16 EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS, FACSIMILES. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This
Agreement shall become binding when any one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, bear the signatures of both Parties hereto. For
the purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of this Agreement, including the signature
pages hereto, shall be deemed an original.
           [The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.]
                                       25
   26
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties to the Agreement by their duly authorized
representatives have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
VERTICALNET, INC.                           NEOFORMA.COM, INC.
By: /s/ MARIA V. SHAFFER                    By: /s/ FREDERICK RUEGSEGGER
   --------------------------------            ---------------------------------
   Maria V. Shaffer
   Vice President, Business Development
     and International                      Title:  CFO
                                                  ------------------------------
   27
                                                                       EXHIBIT A
CATEGORIES OF LABORATORY PRODUCTS
PRODUCT GROUPING               PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION         POINTS TO
- ----------------               ----------------------         ---------
                                                        
Analytical Instruments         Analytical Inst-other          Analytical Inst-other
Analytical Instruments         Atomic Absorption              Atomic Absorption
Analytical Instruments         Balances                       Balances
Analytical Instruments         Chemistry Analyzers            Chemistry Analyzers
Analytical Instruments         Chrom-Data                     Chrom-Data
Analytical Instruments         Chrom-GC                       Chrom-GC
Analytical Instruments         Chrom-HPLC                     Chrom-HPLC
Analytical Instruments         Chrom-Other                    Chrom-Other
Analytical Instruments         Chrom-TLC                      Chrom-TLC
Analytical Instruments         Colorimeter                    Colorimeter
Analytical Instruments         Computer Equipment             Computer Equipment
Analytical Instruments         Electron Microscope            Electron Microscope
Analytical Instruments         Electronics - Lab              Electronics - Lab
Analytical Instruments         Elemental Analysis             Elemental Analysis
Analytical Instruments         Infrared                       IR/UVVIS/XRAY
Analytical Instruments         Mass Spectrometer              Mass Spectrometer
Analytical Instruments         Particle Size                  Particle Size
Analytical Instruments         pH / ISE                       pH / ISE
Analytical Instruments         Physical Property Test         Physical Property Test
Analytical Instruments         Polarimeter                    Polarimeter
Analytical Instruments         Spectrophotometer              Spectrophotometer
Analytical Instruments         Temperature Equip              Temperature Equip
Analytical Instruments         Titrators                      Titrators
Analytical Instruments         Universal Tester               Universal Tester
Analytical Instruments         UV / VIS                       IR/UVVIS/XRAY
Analytical Instruments         Viscometer                     Viscometer
Analytical Instruments         X-Ray                          IR/UVVIS/XRAY
Biotechnology                  Biotech-other                  Biotech-other
Biotechnology                  Electrophoresis                Electrophoresis
Biotechnology                  Fermenters                     Fermenters
Biotechnology                  Microplates                    Microplates
Biotechnology                  Molecular Biology              Molecular Biology
Biotechnology                  Scintillation Counters         Scintillation Counters
Clinical Laboratory            Clinical Lab - Other           Clinical Lab - Other
Clinical Laboratory            Blood / Gas Analyzers          Blood / Gas Analyzers
Clinical Laboratory            Blood Collection               Blood Collection
Clinical Laboratory            Clinical Chemistry Analyzer    Clinical Chemistry Analyzer
Clinical Laboratory            Hematology                     Hematology
Clinical Laboratory            Medical Equipment              Medical Equipment
Clinical Laboratory            Microbiology                   Microbiology
   28
                                                        
Clinical Laboratory            Other Body Fluid Analyzer      Other Body Fluid Analyzer
Clinical Laboratory            Slide Stainers                 Histology
Glassware                      Beakers                        Beakers
Glassware                      Bottles                        Bottles
Glassware                      Condensers                     Condensers
Glassware                      Flasks                         Flasks
Glassware                      Funnels                        Funnels
Glassware                      Glass-other                    Glass-other
Glassware                      Tubes                          Tubes
Glassware                      Vials                          Vials
Lab Equipment                  Animal Care                    Animal Care
Lab Equipment                  Antiques                       Antiques
Lab Equipment                  Autoclaves                     Autoclaves
Lab Equipment                  Baths, Water/Oil/Dry           Baths, Water/Oil/Dry
Lab Equipment                  Books/Manuals                  Books/Manuals
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999Lab Equipment                  Centrifuge                     Centrifuge
Lab Equipment                  Chillers                       Chillers
Lab Equipment                  Cleaners                       Cleaners
Lab Equipment                  Critical Environments          Critical Environments
Lab Equipment                  Digesters                      Digesters/Mixers
Lab Equipment                  Environmental Chambers         Environmental Chambers
Lab Equipment                  Evaporators                    Evaporators
Lab Equipment                  Filtration                     Filtration
Lab Equipment                  Fraction Collectors            Fraction Collectors
Lab Equipment                  Freeze Dry/Lyoph               Freeze Dry/Lyoph
Lab Equipment                  Freezers / Refrigerators       Freezers / Refrigerators
Lab Equipment                  Fume Hoods                     Fume Hoods
Lab Equipment                  Furnaces                       Furnaces
Lab Equipment                  Furniture - Lab                Furniture - Lab
Lab Equipment                  Glove Boxes                    Glove Boxes
Lab Equipment                  Heating Apparatus              Heating Apparatus
Lab Equipment                  Histology                      Histology
Lab Equipment                  Hotplates / Stirrers           Hotplates / Stirrers
Lab Equipment                  Incubators                     Incubators
Lab Equipment                  Lab Equipment - Other          Lab Equipment - Other
Lab Equipment                  Liquid Handling / Pipettors    Liquid Handling / Pipettors
Lab Equipment                  Metallurgical                  Metallurgical
Lab Equipment                  Microtomes                     Histology
Lab Equipment                  Mixers                         Digesters/Mixers
Lab Equipment                  Mobile Lab                     Mobile Lab
Lab Equipment                  Motors                         Motors
Lab Equipment                  Optics                         Optics
Lab Equipment                  Ovens                          Ovens
Lab Equipment                  Petroleum Lab                  Petroleum Lab
Lab Equipment                  Pharmaceutical                 Pharmaceutical
Lab Equipment                  Photography                    Photography
   29
                                                        
Lab Equipment                  Process / Pilot                Process / Pilot
Lab Equipment                  Pumps                          Pumps
Lab Equipment                  Radioactivity                  Radioactivity
Lab Equipment                  Recorders                      Recorders
Lab Equipment                  Regulators / Gauges            Regulators / Gauges
Lab Equipment                  Robotics                       Robotics
Lab Equipment                  Safety                         Safety
Lab Equipment                  Semi-Conductor                 Semi-Conductor
Lab Equipment                  Shakers                        Shakers
Lab Equipment                  Stirrers / Hotplates           Stirrers / Hotplates
Lab Equipment                  Vacuum                         Vacuum
Lab Equipment                  Valves / Fittings              Valves / Fittings
Lab Equipment                  Water Purification             Water Purification
LabSupplies                    Chemicals                      Chemicals
LabSupplies                    Plasticware                    Plasticware
LabSupplies                    Supplies                       Supplies
Microscopes                    Image Analysis                 Image Analysis
Microscopes                    Microscope Accessories         Microscope Accessories
Microscopes                    Microscope Parts               Microscope Parts
Microscopes                    Microscopes                    Microscopes
Test/Measurement               Multimeter                     Multimeter
Test/Measurement               Oscilloscopes                  Oscilloscopes
Test/Measurement               Power Supply                   Power Supply
Test/Measurement               Test/Meas-other                Test/Meas-other
Test/Measurement               Timers/Controllers             Timers/Controllers
Test/Measurement               Volt/Amp/Ohm Meters            Volt/Amp/Ohm Meters
   30
                                                                       EXHIBIT B
   31
                        [GRAPHIC OF WEB PAGE -- Features]
   32
                                                                       EXHIBIT C
   33
                  [GRAPHIC OF WEB PAGE -- Vertical Side Pages]
   34
                     [GRAPHIC OF WEB PAGE -- Specialty Shop]
   35
                                                                       EXHIBIT D
LABORATORY PRODUCT LISTING TEMPLATE PRODUCT LISTING TEMPLATE
A Microsoft Excel Spreadsheet containing the following columns:
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999- ----------- ----------- -------------- ---------- ---------------------- ----------- -----------
NAME        CATEGORY    MFG/BRAND      MODEL #    ORIGINAL ITEM PRICE    HEIGHT      WEIGHT
- ----------- ----------- -------------- ---------- ---------------------- ----------- -----------
                                                                   
NAME        CATG        FLDA           FLDB       FLDC                   FLDD        FLDE
- ----------- ----------- -------------- ---------- ---------------------- ----------- -----------
- ------------- ----------- -------------- ---------------- ------------------- ------------------
CAPACITY      QUANTITY    STARTING BID   RESERVE PRICE    BID INCREMENTS(1)   START DATE/TIME(2)
- ------------- ----------- -------------- ---------------- ------------------- ------------------
                                                               
FLDG          QNTY        MINB           RSRV             INCR                STRT
- ------------- ----------- -------------- ---------------- ------------------- ------------------
(1) default is [*]
(2) default is today
- --------------- -------- -------------- -------- ----------- ---------------- ------------------
DURATION(3)     ITEM #   APPROX. AGE    SKU      LOCATION    SALESPERSON      DESCRIPTION
- --------------- -------- -------------- -------- ----------- ---------------- ------------------
                                                            
DAYE            FLD1     FLD2           FLDF     FLDH        FLDI             DESC
- --------------- -------- -------------- -------- ----------- ---------------- ------------------
(3) default is 7 days
- --------------- --------------------- -------- ----------- ------------------ ------------------
SELLER ID#      IMAGE LOCATION
- --------------- --------------------- -------- ----------- ------------------ ------------------
                                                               
SELL            IMAG
- --------------- --------------------- -------- ----------- ------------------ ------------------
*Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the
 Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
 omitted portions.
   36
This page describes each of the fields used in the Excel spreadsheet for bulk
uploads. Please put details in the spreadsheet named Bulk Upload Spreadsheet. It
is very important that you do not change the field names or their order on the
spreadsheet.
               
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NAME*             The title by which you want the item called. i.e. Sartorius Microbalance.
                  This field is 60 characters long but more details will fit in the
                  description section. The name needs to be descriptive and distinct. There
                  cannot be two items with the same name. Add a delineating feature such as
                  model number or size to the name.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CATEGORY*         This field requires a number not word. See the enclosed list. If you do not
                  find a category that fits your product, please contact us. We can add
                  categories.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MFG/BRAND         Manufacturer or brand name
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MODEL #           Model number
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ORIGINAL ITEM     If known, this can be an incentive to buyers who then see your lower price.
PRICE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HEIGHT            Include feet or inches.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEIGHT            Include pounds or ounces.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CAPACITY          Specific information about the equipment i.e. "x" gallons/hr, "y"
                  sheets/minute, etc.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
QUANTITY*         This field requires only a number not each, case, etc.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STARTING          BID* This is the amount at which the bidding will start. It
                  should be lower than your reserve price, if you set one.
                  Please use whole dollars.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RESERVE PRICE     This is the amount you wish to receive for your product. If you set a
                  reserve price, your item cannot be sold for less than the reserve. Please
                  use whole dollars.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BID               INCREMENTS* $5 is the default, but feel free to change this to
                  reflect your product's price using whole dollars.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
START             DATE/TIME* This field must be filled out like the following
                  example: 04/08/99 15:00 (MM/DD/YY 24:mm) A start time must be
                  included.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DURATION*         The default for this field is 7 days. The options are 1, 3, 5, 7, 21 and 30.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM #            Catalog number if the product came from a manufacturer's or distributor's
                  catalog
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPROX. AGE       New, used, demo, reconditioned
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SKU               Each, box, case
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LOCATION          Where the equipment is currently located/resides.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SALESPERSON       For PaperExchange.com internal tracking.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DESCRIPTION       This field is only 1250 characters long. Use basic writing format here.
                  Complete sentences are desired rather than a list of features. If you copy
                  and paste from an outside source, please check to see that
                  there are no tabs or returns in the paragraph.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SELLER ID#*       This is your six-digit ID number you received when you registered.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IMAGE             LOCATION A picture of your item is very helpful in selling
                  your item and will greatly enhance its listing appearance. The
                  picture needs to be in JPEG or GIF format. You can send these
                  on a separate disk or email if desired. Please enclose a list
                  delineating which picture goes with which item.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  *  indicates required fields
                  ** indicates fields with fieldnames to be determined and whose position
                  within the columns is to be determined
   37
                                                                       EXHIBIT E
FORM OF CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER
           [GRAPHIC OF WEB PAGE -- the global healthcare marketplace]
   38
                                                                       EXHIBIT F
FORM OF CO-BRANDED TRAINING AND EDUCATION CENTER
           [GRAPHIC OF WEB PAGE -- the global healthcare marketplace]
Source: NEOFORMA INC, S-1/A, 12/2/1999EXHIBIT 10.27
                                                          MediaLinx File No. 952
                         CO-BRANDING CONTENT AGREEMENT
                         -----------------------------
THIS AGREEMENT made as of the 30th day of June 1999
BETWEEN:
          MEDIALINX INTERACTIVE, L.P. ,
          represented herein by its general partner
          MediaLinx Interactive Inc.
          a corporation incorporated under the laws
          of the Province of Ontario
          20 Richmond Street East
          Suite 600
          Toronto, Ontario
          M5C 3B5
          (hereinafter called "MLX", or "Party")
               - and -
          HEALTHCENTRAL.COM INC.
          a corporation incorporated under the
          laws of the state of California
          Marketplace Tower
          6001 Shellmound Street, Suite 800
          Emeryville, CA. 94608
          (hereinafter called "HCI" or "Party")
          (both MLX and HCI to be collectively referred to as the "Parties")
WHEREAS MLX owns, hosts, licenses, publishes and maintains an Internet service
in Canada that includes, but is not limited to the "Sympatico" web site which
includes inter alia, the HealthyWay web site on the World Wide Web (the "MLX
Internet Services");
AND WHEREAS HCI owns, hosts, licenses, publishes and maintains a health services
web site known as healthcentral.com on the World Wide Web (the "HCI Site);
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:
CERTAIN INFORMATION ON THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED WITH RESPECT TO
THE OMITTED PORTIONS.
1.  SERVICES & DEVELOPMENT
a)   MLX and HCI have agreed to provide certain services and content to each
     other in order to mutually develop and integrate content from the HCI Site
     into the Sympatico health section, currently known as "HealthyWay", of the
     Sympatico web site (the "Co-Branded Site").
b)   The Parties have agreed that they will mutually approve the design of the
     Co-Branded Site and that the launch date of the Co-Branded Site shall be
     September 1st, 1999 unless mutually extended by the Parties as agreed to in
     writing.
2.  MLX'S OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999During the Term of this Agreement MLX shall:
a)   continue to technically host and moderate all of the HealthyWay discussion
     forums currently residing on the forums section of the Sympatico web site.
     MediaLinx shall retain all right, title to and interest in the discussion
     forums;
b)   promote the Co-Branded Site as set out in Schedule "1" attached hereto;
c)   grant to HCI, a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use MediaLinx
     images and certain content contained in the HealthyWay web site (the
     "Sympatico Content") for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirements of
     this Agreement. MediaLinx shall retain all right, title to and interest in
     the Sympatico Content;
d)   grant to HCI, to the extent that HCI requires access to MLX logos and
     trademarks (collectively "MLX Marks") the use of certain MLX Marks as
     necessary for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this
     Agreement. HCI assures that the MLX marks are used in accordance with MLX's
     logo usage guidelines as provided by MLX from time to time. Without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing, HCI agrees:
     (i)     that MLX is the owner of the MLX Marks and the goodwill and
             reputation associated therewith;
     (ii)    not to contest the validity of the MLX Marks or MLX's title
             thereto;
     (iii)   that HCI acquires no right, title or interest in the MLX Marks, and
             any and all goodwill associated with the MLX Marks enures
             exclusively to the benefit of MLX;
     (iv)    to notify MLX promptly of any attempt by any third party to use MLX
             Marks, or any variation or imitation thereof of which HCI becomes
             aware;
     (v)     at MLX's expense, to fully co-operate with MLX and execute such
             documents and at the request of MLX to do such acts and things as
             may be reasonably necessary or desirable to restrain such use;
e)   ensure that in the event that it enters into an electronic commerce
     agreement with a third party for the sale of goods on the Co-Branded Site
     that all agreements with the third parties shall ensure that such third
     party shall be wholly responsible for all products and transactions that
     may occur on the Co-Branded Site, that all such transactions shall comply
     with all applicable Canadian and US laws and regulations, including privacy
     laws and including compliance with MediaLinx's standards and guidelines,
     and ensure that such third party
                                                                               2
     provides a full indemnity to MediaLinx and HCI in respect of any and all
     transactions and products that may be hosted on the Co-Branded Site;
f)   ensure that in the event that user traffic to the Co-Branded Site falls
     below the levels outlined in Schedule 2, that MediaLinx will use all
     commercially reasonable efforts to increase promotion to the Co-Branded
     Site until usage to the site increases to levels above the levels outlined
     in Schedule 2; and
g)   make a reasonable effort to explore the technical possibilities of sharing
     with HCI the traffic on the home page of the Sympatico Health Section of
     the Sympatico web site, subject to any legal and regulatory constraints.
3.  HCI's OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
During the Term of this Agreement HCI shall:
a)   use reasonable commercial efforts to provide industry accepted standards of
     reliability of service and to make available the appropriate production
     resources to build and maintain the Co-Branded Site;
b)   integrate content contained in the HCI Site into the Co-Branded Site of the
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999Sympatico web site subject to the prior approval of MediaLinx;
c)   update the "look and feel" of the Co-Branded Site upon Launch, subject to
     the prior approval and consent of MediaLinx;
d)   ensure that general terms and conditions on the Co-Branded Site are subject
     to the prior approval of MediaLinx;
e)   host, manage, update and maintain all aspects of the mutually approved Co-
     Branded Site including technology, content, production, design, operations,
     and customer relations save and except forums. Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing, HCI shall use all reasonable commercial
     efforts to: 1) ensure that the hosting services provided in connection with
     the Co-Branded Site are provided at the same standard as the hosting of the
     Sympatico web site, and 2) ensure that the Co-Branded Site is available 7
     days per week and 24 hours per day;
f)   ensure that the level of Canadian content contained on the Co-Branded Site
     is maintained at such levels as is found on the HealthyWay section of the
     Sympatico web site on the Launch Date, and ensure that the level of
     Canadian content is maintained in accordance with the attached Schedule
     "3";
g)   design the Co-Branded Site in such a manner so as to make prominent
     Canadian content, Canadian context and Canadian activity, such as described
     in Schedule "3";
h)   make all reasonable efforts to suppress or remove all content from the HCI
     Site which is to be integrated into the Co-Branded Site that is irrelevant
     and inappropriate for the Canadian market and ensure that all content
     contained in the Co-Branded Site continues to be relevant for the Canadian
     market in accordance with Schedule "3";
i)   provide MediaLinx with daily usage statistics for the Co-Branded Site in
     accordance with the following format attached hereto as Schedule "4";
                                                                               3
j)   have the option to provide and manage some discussion forum hosts referred
     to in paragraph 2(a) of this Agreement;
k)   ensure that it only utilizes communications related services and tools on
     the Co-Branded Site which have been provided by MediaLinx's Canadian
     telecommunication partners, including but not limited to webmail,
     directories, address book, and ip telephony;
l)   grant to MLX, to the extent that MLX requires access to HCI logos and
     trademarks (collectively "HCI Marks") the use of certain HCI Marks as
     necessary for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this
     Agreement. MLX assures that the HCI Marks are used in accordance with HCI's
     logo usage guidelines as provided by HCI from time to time. Without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing, MLX agrees:
     (i)     that HCI is the owner of the HCI Marks and the goodwill and
             reputation associated therewith;
     (ii)    not to contest the validity of the HCI Marks or HCI's title
             thereto;
     (iii)   that MLX acquires no right, title or interest in the HCI Marks, and
             any and all goodwill associated with the HCI Marks enures
             exclusively to the benefit of HCI;
     (iv)    to notify HCI promptly of any attempt by any third party to use the
             HCI marks, or any variation or imitation thereof of which MLX
             becomes aware;
     (v)     at HCI's expense, to fully co-operate with HCI and execute such
             documents and at the request of HCI to do such acts and things as
             may be reasonably necessary or desirable to restrain such use; and
m)   ensure that in the event that it enters into an electronic commerce
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999agreement with a third party for the sale of goods on the Co-Branded Site
     that all agreements with the third parties shall ensure that such third
     party shall be wholly responsible for all products and transactions that
     may occur on the Co-Branded Site, that all such transactions shall comply
     with all applicable Canadian and US laws and regulations, including privacy
     laws and including compliance with MediaLinx's standards and guidelines,
     and ensure that such third party provides a full indemnity to MediaLinx and
     HCI in respect of any and all transactions and products that may be hosted
     on the Co-Branded Site.
4.  ADVERTISING
Subject to paragraph 6, MediaLinx shall be entitled to sell advertising and
sponsorships on all pages of the Co-Branded Site to Canadian advertisers (for
the purposes of this Agreement "Canadian advertisers" shall be advertisers with
substantial places of business in Canada) and HCI shall be entitled to sell
advertising and sponsorships on all pages of the Co-Branded Site to US
advertisers (for the purposes of this Agreement, US advertisers shall be
advertisers with substantial places of business in the United States). All
sponsorship and advertising package deals for the Co-Branded Site will be
mutually agreed upon by the parties and shall abide by MediaLinx's and HCI's
standard advertising agreement and Canadian and U.S. advertising regulations and
standards. Any excess inventory that has not been sold is available to be sold
by either party. Neither party shall permit advertising on the Co-Branded Site
from an entity which is a competitor to the other party. For the purposes of
this Agreement, a "competitor" to MediaLinx shall be an Internet portal web site
and/or an internet service provider. For the purposes of this Agreement, a
"competitor" to HCI shall be a consumer health based web site. The parties shall
define a plan in writing prior to the Launch setting out how the Parties shall
work together to jointly sell advertising, serve the advertising and track the
advertising inventory on the Co-Branded Site.
                                                                               4
5.  E-COMMERCE
Subject to paragraph 6, MediaLinx and HCI shall be entitled to negotiate e-
commerce relationships which shall reside on the Co-Branded Site. In addition to
the terms and conditions detailed in paragraphs 2(e) and 3(m), both parties
acknowledge and agree that any e-Commerce offering must be able to offer pricing
in Canadian dollars and provide shipping across Canada, unless otherwise
mutually agreed to in writing. In addition, all products offered through the Co-
Branded Site must abide by all Canadian laws and regulations. The cost of
integrating any e-Commerce relationship will be borne by the entity that brought
the relationship. Any and all marketing activities and design of an e-Commerce
system shall be approved by both parties.
6.  FINANCIALS
(a)  HCI shall pay MLX a guaranteed fixed sum of [*] US per annum during the
     Initial Term of this Agreement to be paid out as a monthly payment of [*]
     US (the "Monthly Payment"). This Monthly Payment shall be due by the 10th
     day of each month;
(b)  HCI shall be entitled to all net revenue generated from advertising and e-
     commerce transactions generated by Canadian companies that may take place
     on the Co-Branded Site up to and including [*] US in any given year.
     Thereafter, any net revenues exceeding [*] US shall be shared fifty-fifty
     between the parties (50% MediaLinx--50% HCI). HCI shall be entitled to all
     proceeds generated from US companies on the Co-Branded Site. "Net revenue"
     is defined as revenue less: 1) third party expenses directly related to the
     acquisition of the revenue; for example, advertising broker commissions and
     advertising management services, and 2) internally paid commissions for
     selling the advertisement and/or sponsorship;
(c)  Both Parties shall keep true and accurate books and records of all revenue
     generated as a result of the Co-Branded Site. Either Party shall have the
     right from time to time to audit and make extracts of the books and records
     of the other, insofar as said books or records pertain to the terms of this
     Agreement. Any such audit shall take place upon not less than seven (7)
     days advance written notice, during normal business hours of normal
     business days and at reasonable intervals. Any such audit shall be at the
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999requesting Party's expense, unless the audit determines that the other
     party has underpaid by 10% or more. In the event that the calculation of
     payments herein is determined by a computer-based system, then the "books
     and records" shall include, without limitation, the machine-sensible data
     (e.g. punch cards, magnetic tapes, discs; and
(d)  Both Parties shall provide the other with quarterly accounting reports as
     necessary. The quarterly reporting periods end September 30th and
     December 31st, 1999, March 31st, 2000, and June 30th, 2000.
     Applicable remittances and accounting reports will follow under separate
     cover within sixty (60) days of the end of each quarter.
[*] = CERTAIN INFORMATION ON THIS PAGE HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED WITH RESPECT TO
THE OMITTED PORTIONS.
                                                                               5
7.  CUSTOMER INFORMATION
Any and all customer data that is collected from the Co-Branded Site shall be
collected and used in accordance with Canadian federal and provincial laws and
U.S. Federal and State laws and both MediaLinx and HCI privacy guidelines and
MediaLinx and HCI shall each own an undivided interest in such data. MediaLinx
will not have access to the HCI Personal Health Records (being the longitudinal
repository of personal health information about users of the Co-Branded Site)
during or after the Term of this Agreement. During the Term of this Agreement
and for a period of six (6) months thereafter, MediaLinx shall not use or
publicly disclose the data collected from users of the Co-Branded Site if such
use is for the purpose of providing health information, advertisements, or
products that compete with those that reside on the Co-Branded Site. In other
instances, MediaLinx shall be entitled to use or publicly disclose the data
collected subject to privacy guidelines noted above.
In addition to the foregoing, HCI shall ensure that the Co-Branded Site is
integrated into the Sympatico site-wide registry in order for users to have a
single login access for all Sympatico.ca and Sympatico co-branded web sites.
8.  PAGE VIEWS
Both MediaLinx and HCI shall be entitled to count the page views on the Co-
Branded Site. In the event that it becomes necessary to have only one party
count the number of page views on the Co-Branded Site, due to third party
reporting, regulatory and/or legal requirements, HCI shall be entitled to count
one hundred percent (100%) of the content page views of the Co-Branded Site and
MLX shall be entitled to count one hundred percent (100%) of the HealthyWay
discussion forum page views and one hundred percent (100%) of the page views on
the Sympatico Health home page.
9.  EXCLUSIVITY
During the Term of the Agreement, and subject to the following requirements
respecting Canadian content levels as set out in paragraphs 3(f), (g) and (h),
HCI shall be the exclusive health content partner in the health section of the
Sympatico web site, provided however, that nothing contained herein shall
prevent MediaLinx from entering into an agreement with other parties for: i) a
health based web directory; or ii) other health related content whose content
does not compete with the content contained on the Co-Branded Site; which in no
event shall receive no more than one fifth (1/5th) of the promotion and which
shall constitute no more than one fifth (1/5th) of the total health related
content which resides on the home page of the Sympatico Health section. In the
event that MediaLinx obtains a web guide from a third party, MediaLinx and HCI
shall discuss how to present both web guides to the user, and make best effort
to agree to the kind of experience that the user shall have when utilizing the
new web guide. If, at any time during the Term of this Agreement, HCI fails to
meet the content requirements set out in paragraphs 3(f), (g) and (h), HCI shall
no longer be entitled to be the exclusive health content partner in the health
section of the Sympatico web site. HCI shall not either directly or indirectly
license or deliver content to or carry on or be engaged with any other Canadian
portal web site, being a Web site which aggregates and markets a variety of
content directed to multiple communities of interest and which offers products,
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999tools and services to a broad base of Canadian end users.
                                                                               6
10.  BRANDING & COMMUNICATIONS
During the first six (6) months from the Launch date, the primary branding for
the Co-Branded Site shall remain HealthyWay. In addition to the foregoing and
subject to mutual design approval, a "Powered By HealthCentral" or such other
appropriate tag line shall appear on the Co-Branded Site and shall be
approximately 80% of the font size of the HealthyWay title and will be close to
the HealthyWay brand. Thereafter, the HealthyWay and Health Central trademarks
shall be co-branded in a mutually agreed upon method. The URL for the Co-Branded
Site shall remain healthyway.sympatico.ca. A separate redirect URL may be set up
for the Co-Branded Site, e.g. healthcentral.sympatico.ca.
All electronic communications to the users of the Co-Branded Site shall be
jointly developed, co-branded with each party's respective marks and shall be
mutually agreed upon.
11.  TERM & TERMINATION
11.1  Term
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The effective date of the start of the Term will be from the Launch Date.
11.2  Termination
(a)  Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days prior written notice
     to the other Party if 1) such other Party breaches any material term of
     this Agreement, unless such breach is cured within 30 days; or 2) if any of
     the terms of this Agreement that require mutual approval are not mutually
     agreed to;
(b)  This Agreement may be terminated by a Party immediately, without notice:
     (i)     upon the institution by or against the other Party of insolvency,
             receivership, or bankruptcy proceedings or any other proceedings
             for the settlement of the other Party's debts, if such proceedings
             are not dismissed within sixty (60) days;
     (ii)    upon the other Party making an assignment for the benefit of
             creditors; or
     (iii)   upon the other Party's dissolution;
(c)  Either party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days written notice if
     either Party's corporate structure has undergone a material ownership
     change such that its corporate interests are then in conflict with the
     corporate interests of the other Party; and
(d)  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason:
     (i)     the Parties shall immediately cease using the Marks of the other
             Party;
     (ii)    the Parties shall immediately return to each other all property of
             the other and cease using or distributing all advertising or
             promotional materials, if any, containing references to the other
             Party or the other Party's product;
     (iii)   the Parties shall remove all special links made pursuant to this
             Agreement from their respective products of the other Party; and
     (iv)    each Party shall pay to the other Party all outstanding amounts
             which have accrued and are properly owing, including without
             limitation, any New Account customer commission payments or net
             advertising revenue owed outstanding together with any appropriate
             final reports.
                                                                               7
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/199911.3  The exercise of a right of termination or other right or remedy in
      connection with this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any other
      right or remedy to which the terminating party may be entitled under this
      Agreement or applicable law.
12.  REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES
(a)  MLX's Representations and Warranties.
MLX represents and warrants that:
(i)     it has full right, power and authority to enter into and be bound by the
        terms and conditions of this Agreement and to perform its obligations
        under this Agreement, without the approval or consent of any other
        party;
(ii)    it has sufficient right, title and interest in and to the rights granted
        to HCI pursuant to this Agreement to enter and perform this Agreement
        and to enable HCI to perform under this Agreement;
(iii)   it owns all intellectual property in and to the MLX Marks and the
        Sympatico Content, including but not limited to any and all creative
        advertisement content, or has obtained all necessary licenses,
        clearances, assignments and waivers in respect of any and all
        intellectual property used in the Sympatico Content, including without
        limitation waivers of moral rights necessary to publish, license and
        distribute world-wide;
(iv)    the use, reproduction, distribution or transmission of the Sympatico
        Content will not violate any laws including criminal laws, commercial
        laws, or any rights of any third parties including, but not limited to
        such violations as infringement or misappropriation of copyright,
        patent, trademark, trade defamation, invasion of privacy or rights of
        celebrity, violation of any anti-discrimination law or regulation, or
        any other right of any person or entity;
(v)     it has all necessary skills and materials necessary to provide its
        contributions to the Co-Branded Site as contemplated by this Agreement.
        MLX shall perform the services described herein in a timely fashion with
        all due skill, competence and diligence and the quality of the Co-
        Branded Site shall meet both HCI's and MLX's standards of high quality
        and excellence;
(vi)    that the information contained in the MLX marks and the MLX content is
        accurate, does not contain any material that is libelous, obscene,
        misleading or otherwise harmful.
(b)  HCI's Representations and Warranties.
HCI represents and warrants that:
(i)     it has full right, power and authority to enter into and be bound by the
        terms and conditions of this Agreement and to perform its obligations
        under this Agreement, without the approval or consent of any other
        party;
(ii)    it has sufficient right, title and interest in and to the rights granted
        to MLX pursuant to this Agreement to enter and perform this Agreement
        and to enable MLX to perform under this Agreement;
(iii)   it owns all intellectual property in and to the HCI Marks and all
        content HCI contributes to the Co-Branded Site (the "HCI Content")
        including but not limited to any and all creative
                                                                               8
        advertisement content, or has obtained all necessary licenses,
        clearances, assignments and waivers in respect of any and all
        intellectual property used in the HCI Marks and the HCI Content,
        including without limitation waivers of moral rights necessary to
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999publish, license and distribute world-wide;
(iv)    the use, reproduction, distribution or transmission of the HCI Marks and
        HCI Content will not violate any laws including criminal laws,
        commercial laws, or any rights of any third parties including, but not
        limited to such violations as infringement or misappropriation of
        copyright, patent, trademark, trade defamation, invasion of privacy or
        rights of celebrity, violation of any anti-discrimination law or
        regulation, or any other right of any person or entity;
(v)     the Co-Branded Site will function, operate and perform in all material
        respects in accordance with the requirements described or incorporated
        in the Agreement;
(vi)    it has all necessary skills and materials necessary to provide its
        contributions to the Co-Branded Site as contemplated by this Agreement.
        HCI shall perform the services described herein in a timely fashion with
        all due skill, competence and diligence and the quality of the Co-
        Branded Site shall meet both HCI's and MLX's standards of high quality
        and excellence;
(vii)   that no advertisement submitted to MLX hereunder shall make use of any
        subliminal technique and holds MLX and its affiliated and related
        companies harmless against any loss or damage arising from the storage
        and/or use of any and all advertising. HCI warrants that any and all
        advertising that it submits complies with advertising standards in
        Canada, including those of MLX and that the use, reproduction,
        distribution, or transmission of such advertising will not violate any
        criminal laws, commercial laws or any rights of any third parties,
        including, but not limited to, such violations as infringement or
        misappropriation of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, music,
        image, video/full motion video or other proprietary or property right,
        false advertising, unfair competition, defamation, invasion of privacy
        or rights of celebrity, property right, false advertising, unfair
        competition, defamation, invasion of privacy or rights of celebrity,
        violation of any anti-discrimination law or regulation, or any other
        right of any person or entity;
(viii)  that the Co-Branded Site will function, operate and perform in all
        material respects in accordance with the requirements described in the
        Agreement; and
(vix)   that the information contained in the HCI Marks and the HCI Content is
        accurate, does not contain any material that is libelous, obscene,
        misleading or otherwise harmful.
13.  NO ADDITIONAL WARRANTIES
a)   Except as specifically provided herein or as agreed to in writing by the
     Parties, the services provided under this Agreement are not guaranteed and
     are provided "as is" and MLX gives no representations, warranties or
     conditions of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation
     warranties as to insertion, display or loading of any advertisement,
     sponsorship or integrated branded search engine uninterrupted or error free
     operation of the Sympatico Web Site, any advertisement, sponsorship,
     integrated branded search engine or link, merchantability, quality or
     fitness for a particular purpose and those arising by statute or otherwise,
     or from a course of dealing or usage of trade; and
                                                                               9
b)   Except as specifically provided herein or as agreed to in writing by the
     parties: 1) the services provided under this Agreement are not guaranteed
     and are provided "as is"; and 2) HCI gives no representations, warranties
     or conditions of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation
     warranties as to: insertion, display or loading of any advertisement,
     sponsorship or integrated branded search engine uninterrupted or error free
     operation of the co-branded Web Site, any advertisement, sponsorship,
     integrated branded search engine or link, merchantability, quality or
     fitness for a particular purpose and those arising by statute or otherwise,
     or from a course of dealing or usage of trade.
14.  INDEMNIFICATION
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999(a)  By MLX: MLX agrees to indemnify and hold harmless HCI and its employees,
     representatives, agents and affiliates from any and all liability, loss,
     claims, damages or causes of action (each a "Claim"), including reasonable
     legal fees and expenses that may be incurred by, arising out of or relating
     to any claim that the MLX Marks or Sympatico Content or any MLX developed
     advertising infringes in any manner any copyright, patent, trademark, trade
     secret or any other intellectual property right of any third party;
(b)  By HCI: HCI agrees to indemnify and hold harmless MLX and its employees,
     representatives, agents and affiliates from any Claim including reasonable
     legal fees and expenses that may be incurred by, arising out of or relating
     to any third party claim that the HCI Marks or HCI Content or any HCI
     developed advertising infringes in any manner any copyright, patent,
     trademark, trade secret or any other intellectual property right of any
     third party; and
(c)  Procedure: All indemnification obligations under Section 14, shall be
     subject to the following requirements:
     (i)     the indemnified party shall provide the indemnifying party with
             prompt written notice of any Claim;
     (ii)    the indemnified party shall permit the indemnifying party to assume
             and control the defense of any action upon the indemnifying party's
             written acknowledgment of the obligation to indemnify; and
     (iii)   the indemnified party shall not enter into any settlement or
             compromise of any Claim without the indemnifying party's prior
             written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.
     In addition, the indemnified party may, at its own expense, participate in
     its defense of any Claim. In the event that the indemnifying party assumes
     the defense of any such claim, the indemnifying party shall have no
     liability for legal fees and costs incurred by the indemnified party.
15.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 14, THE
CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 16, AND THE YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 20, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED
IN THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE
OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE,
                                                                              10
STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST
BUSINESS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
16.  CONFIDENTIALITY
Each Party shall keep confidential any information, data and reports obtained in
connection with this Agreement, unless such information has been rightfully
obtained from a third party or is generally available to the public, or as must
be disclosed by law. Upon termination of this Agreement, each of the parties
(the "Receiving Party") shall return to the other party (the "Disclosing Party")
any records or copies thereof which it may have obtained from the Disclosing
Party in connection with its review of the Disclosing Party's business, other
than information otherwise rightfully obtained by Receiving Party, acting in
good faith, from someone other than the Disclosing Party or generally available
to the public. Each party shall hold the terms and provisions of this Agreement
confidential and shall not disclose its terms to any person except to its
management. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and the LOI is subject
to the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement
signed between the Parties dated May 3rd, 1999.
17.  NO PUBLIC NOTICE
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999No public announcement of the proposed transaction will be made by either Party
unless the timing and content have been agreed upon in advance by both parties,
except as may otherwise be required by law. It is understood though that
MediaLinx may discuss this arrangement with its Sympatico Internet service
providers and affiliates to the extent necessary to meet the proposed time
lines.
18.  COSTS
Unless agreed to otherwise, each party will pay for its own costs and expenses
in connection with this Agreement and the proposed activities contemplated
herein, without limitation, legal fees, brokers, accountants and other
professional advisors.
19.  INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS
It is the intention of MLX and HCI that MLX and HCI are, and shall be deemed to
be, independent contractors with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed
in any manner whatsoever as creating any partnership, joint venture, employment,
agency, fiduciary or other similar relationship between MLX and HCI.
                                                                              11
20.  YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE
Both MLX and HCI represent and warrant that their contributions to the Co-
Branded Site are designed to be used prior to, during, and after the calendar
year 2000 AD and will operate during each such time period without error
relating to date data, specifically including any error relating to, or the
product of, date data which represents or references different centuries or more
than a century. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Co-Branded
Site: (i) will not abnormally end or provide invalid or incorrect results as a
result of date data, specifically including date data which represents or
references different centuries or more than one century; (ii) has been designed
to ensure year 2000 compatibility, including, but not limited to, date data
century recognition, calculations which accommodate same century and multi-
century formulas and date values, and date data interface values that reflect
the century; and (iii) includes "Year 2000 Capabilities". For the purposes of
this Agreement, "Year 2000 Capabilities" means the Co-Branded Site (i) will
manage, calculate, sequence, compare and manipulate data involving dates,
including single century formulas and multi-century formulas, including leap
years and will not cause an abnormally ending scenario within the application or
generate incorrect values or invalid results involving such dates; (ii) provides
that all date-related user interface functionalities and data fields include the
indication of century; and (iii) provides that all date-related data interface
functionalities include the indication of century.
While HCI asserts that its code and scripts will execute properly, as described
above, and that HCI uses third party software that specifies Y2K compliance, we
can not guarantee that all third party software will perform as specified by the
manufacturer. Should a third party product fail to meet its Y2K compliance
policy, we will work with the vendor to remedy the problem in a timely fashion.
HCI will ensure that it complies with any third party recommendations that are
necessary for Y2K compliance.
21.  GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the Parties agree to abide by the
jurisdiction of the Courts of Ontario.
22.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement, together with any and all attached exhibits and/or schedules,
represents the entire agreement between MLX and HCI with respect to the subject
matter herein and shall supercede all prior agreements, communications and
understanding of the Parties, oral and/or written.
23.  LEGAL FEES
The prevailing Party in any legal action brought by one Party against the other
and arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled, in addition to any other
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999rights and remedies it may have, to reimbursement for its expenses, including
court and arbitration costs, as well as reasonable legal fees.
                                                                              12
24.  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS
Except as provided in this Section, neither Party may assign its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other
Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
either party shall be permitted to assign this Agreement and any of its rights
and obligations hereunder to an affiliate or related company or to a purchaser
of all or substantially all of its Internet business, without obtaining the
prior written consent of the other party.
25.  FORCE MAJEURE
Neither Party shall be liable for failure to perform or delay in performing any
obligation under this Agreement if such failure or delay is due to fire, flood,
earthquake, strike, war (declared or undeclared), embargo, blockade, legal
prohibition, governmental action, riot, insurrection, damage, destruction or any
other similar cause beyond the control of such Party.
26.  NOTICES
All notices, requests, consents and other communications which are required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) when
delivered in person at the time of such delivery or by telecopy with confirmed
receipt of transmission at the date and time indicated on such receipt or (b)
when received if given by an internationally recognized express courier service
to the address specified below. Notice of change of address shall be given in
the same manner as other communications.
If to HCI:                    If to MediaLinx:
- ----------                    ----------------
HealthCentral.com Inc.        MediaLinx Interactive, L.P.
2600 Tenth Street             20 Richmond Street East, Suite 600
Berkeley, CA                  Toronto, Ontario, M5C 3B5
94710                         Attn: Director of Content
                              Fax: (416) 350-1516
                              with a copy to Legal Department:
                              Fax No.: (416) 350-5212
27.  COUNTERPARTS
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and
the same instrument.
28.  HEADINGS
The section and article headings contained in this Agreement are included for
convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms of this
Agreement.
                                                                              13
                                  Schedule "1"
MLX will run [*] advertising banners, promoting the Co-Branded Site each
month, which shall run throughout the Sympatico.ca Site.
MLX will promote the Co-Branded Site on the Sympatico.ca homepage in a frequent
and timely fashion.
MLX will promote the Sympatico Health Site through Sympatico.ca house
advertising, from time to time.
MLX will provide contextual integration of Health content into other areas of
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999Sympatico.ca, as appropriate.
MLX will provide a persistent link, in fold, from the Sympatico Health Site home
page to the Co-Branded Site.
MLX will provide a link to the Sympatico Health Site home page from the
Sympatico.ca home page.
[*] = CERTAIN INFORMATION ON THIS PAGE HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED WITH RESPECT TO
THE OMITTED PORTIONS.
                                                                              14
                                  Schedule "2"
MLX will use all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the user traffic at
a monthly minimum of:
 .  [*] page views three (3) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site;
 .  [*] page views six (6) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site; and
 .  [*] page views twelve (12) months after the launch of the Co-Branded Site.
[*]  = CERTAIN INFORMATION ON THIS PAGE HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE COMMISSION.  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED WITH RESPECT TO
THE OMITTED PORTIONS.
                                                                              15
                                  Schedule "3"
HCI shall ensure that Canadian content and context is promoted and maintained
within the Co-Branded Site in accordance with the following:
Ensure that Canadian spelling is used throughout the site where possible.
Ensure that non-relevant or inappropriate information is either removed or put
into context for a Canadian user.
Ensure that Canadian health information sourced from Canadian content providers
is added to the site, where possible.
Issues related to access to services:
Canadian public health care system
There is little notion of "managed care" in Canada
Inclusion of Canadian "self help" resources
Health related law & policy:
Federal and provincial government funding of healthcare and the existence of a
social safety net in Canada
Allowed distribution of drugs
Different roles related to pharmaceutical advertising
Societal context of Canada:
Canada's multicultural make up (e.g. Less Hispanics, more Asians)
Likelihood of different health risk factors for Canadians
Different behaviour of the Canadian population (e.g. travelling south for the
winter, "snowbirds")
Different health events e.g. "Heart month"
Technicalities:
Differences in drug names
Canadian currency
Metric system for measurement
The Canadian voice:
Important to highlight Canadian health experts e.g. Canadian health
professionals, researchers, companies
"local" events e.g. hospital closures, labour issues
                                                                              16
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999Schedule "4"
HCI will provide MLX with usage statistics in the following 2 formats:
1) access to real time online statistics through a web browser including a
number of preprogrammed usage reports, and
2) a format mutually agreed to by HCI and MLX
                                                                              17
Source: HEALTHCENTRAL COM, S-1/A, 11/8/1999EXHIBIT 10.3
   [ABOUT LOGO]
CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated this 19th day of January, 2001  (the
"Effective Date"), is by and between About.com, Inc. ("About"), a Delaware
corporation, located at 1440 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10018 and
ebix.com, Inc. ("ebix"), a Delaware corporation, located at 1900 E.Golf Road,
Schaumberg, IL 60173
W I T N E S S E T H:
WHEREAS, About owns and operates an Internet service known as About.com,
currently located at the URL HTTP://WWW.ABOUT.COM, at which users may access a
variety of content channels and a network of highly-targeted, topic-specific Web
sites, and includes any site owned, operated or under the control of About (the
"About Network");
WHEREAS, ebix is the e-commerce portal for insurance on the Internet offering to
consumers and insurance professionals a one-stop site, currently located at
http://www.ebix.com for all kinds of insurance content ranging from consumer to
business tools to broker to business tools as well as e-commerce functionality;
WHEREAS, the parties desire to collaborate to create an independent co-branded
channel on or accessible though the About Network at which visitors to the About
Network may access insurance information, on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;
WHEREAS, ebix desires to receive promotions on the About Network for the
parties' Insurance Center and for the ebix Site (hereinafter defined).
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements and obligations set forth
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of such is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
  1.  DEFINITIONS
      "ABOUT CONTENT" means any and all textual, graphical, audio/visual or
      other materials created or provided on or behalf of About for use on the
      Insurance Center (other than the ebix Content), including but not limited
      to the About Wrapper and the About Look and Feel (hereinafter defined).
      "ABOUT CUSTOMER" means any individual or entity who has registered with
      ebix either (i) through the registration process on the Insurance Center
      or (ii) registers with ebix after accessing the ebix Site from a link on
      the About Network.
      "ABOUT CUSTOMER DATA" means information related specifically to About
      Customers, including but not limited to: (i) internet addresses and
      navigational information, including information disclosing the usage of
      Links within or available through the Insurance Channel; (ii)
      transactional information, including, but not limited to, names,
      addresses, billing information, information requested; and (iii) any other
      information that identifies an individual as an About Customer.
      "ABOUT LOOK AND FEEL" means the distinctive and particular elements of
      graphics (including the About Marks), design, organization, presentation,
      layout, user interface, navigation, trade dress and stylistic convention
      (including the digital implementations thereof) within the About Network
      and the
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
      total appearance and impression substantially formed by the combination,
      coordination and interaction of these elements.
      "ABOUT MARKS" means the name, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, logos
      and other distinctive brand marks of About, adopted by About, or used in
      or relating to About's business from time to time, whether or not in
      connection with its performance of this Agreement,
      "ABOUT NETWORK"" means the About Site, all Web sites owned and operated
      solely by About, and those portions of third party Web sites in which
      About has a right to sell advertisements.
      "ABOUT SITE HOME PAGE" means, with respect to the US version of the About
      Site, the Web page that is displayed to the About User (hereinafter
      defined) when the URL WWW.ABOUT.COM (and any evolution thereof) is
      inputted in the user's browser, whether manually, or by means of a Link.
      "ABOUT GUIDE SITE" means an individual specific topical area within the
      About Site, which is accessible from within a Channel, as comprised from
      time to time.
      "ABOUT GUIDE SITE HOME PAGE" means, with respect to any About Guide Site,
      the Web page that is displayed to the About User when the URL
      [guidesitename].about.com (and any evolution thereof) is inputted in the
      user's browser, whether manually or by means of a Link.
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001"About Guide Site Sub-Pages" means, with respect to any About Guide Site,
      all of the Web pages within an About Guide Site other than the About Guide
      Site Home Page.
      "ABOUT USER" means any individual or entity that accesses the About
      Network or any About Guide Site.
      "ABOUT USER DATA" means information related specifically to About Users,
      including but not limited to (i) Internet addresses and navigational
      information, including information disclosing the usage of Links within or
      available through an About Guide Site; (ii) transactional information,
      including names, addresses, billing information, information requested,
      method of payment; and (iii) any other information that identifies an
      individual or entity as an About User.
      "ABOUT WRAPPER" means a navigation bar designed by About, in its sole
      discretion, and approved by ebix, that may, as determined by About,
      contain the About Look and Feel, the About Marks, and standard About
      header, footer, tabs, navigational elements, copyright notice and other
      attributes set forth in EXHIBIT A that reflect the then current design of
      the About Guide Sites.
      "ADVERTISING IMPRESSION" means an Advertising Placement (hereinafter
      defined) having been served by About or About's third party advertising
      server for display on the About Network that redirects an About User to
      the Insurance Center.
      "ADVERTISING PLACEMENT" is any standard unit of advertising served and
      displayed by About (or its designated agent) on the About Network, whether
      or not e-Bix branded, pursuant to Section 5 that: (A) advertises or
      otherwise promotes (i)ebix, (ii) the Insurance Center, or any combination
      of the foregoing, and (B) Links to the Insurance Center or the ebix Site.
      Standard About.com advertising units include, but are not limited to:
      468x60 pixel banners, 120x60 pixel buttons; "MarketPlace" text link, 18
      characters; "SuperLink" text link, 2 lines at 20 characters per line or 1
      wrapped line at 40 characters, plus one link for URL (250 character
      limit).
      "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" means all non-public information concerning
      either party, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective
      officers, agents, employees, consultants, licensors, suppliers and
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       2
      customers, including but not limited to business plans, systems
      configurations, technologies, data files, reports, projections,
      initiatives, user data and site usage data.
      "CHANNEL": means a collection of topic-specific Guide Sites (Example:
      Sports, Games)
      "AUTOS CHANNEL HOME PAGE" means the Web page that is displayed to the
      About user when the URL HTTP://HOME.ABOUT.COM/AUTOS/INDEX.HTM (and any
      evolution thereof) is inputted in the About Users browser, which is the
      area of the About Network currently dedicated to the promotion of
      automobiles generally, and contains Links to the Insurance Center.
      "FAMILY/PARENTING CHANNEL HOME PAGE" means the Web page that is displayed
      to the About User when the URL HTTP://HOME.ABOUT.COM/FAMILY/INDEX.HTM (and
      any evolution thereof) is inputted in the About Users browser, which is
      the area of the About Network dedicated to the promotion of family and
      parenting generally, and contains Links to the Insurance Center.
      "HEALTH CHANNEL HOME PAGE" means the Web page that is displayed to the
      About User when the URL HTTP://HOME.ABOUT.COM/HEALTH/INDEX.HTM (and any
      evolution thereof) is inputted in the About Users browser, which is the
      area of the About Network dedicated to the promotion of health issues
      generally, and contains Links to the Insurance Center.
      "MONEY CHANNEL HOME PAGE" means the Web page that is displayed to the
      About User when the URL HTTP://HOME.ABOUT.COM/MONEY/INDEX.HTM (and any
      evolution thereof) is inputted in the About Users browser, which is the
      area of the About Network dedicated to the promotion of money issues
      generally, and contains Links to the Insurance Center.
      "REAL ESTATE CHANNEL HOME PAGE" means the Web page that is displayed to
      the About User when the URL HTTP://HOME.ABOUT.COM/REALESTATE/INDEX.HTM
      (and any evolution thereof) is inputted in the About Users browser, which
      is the area of the About Network dedicated to the promotion of real estate
      issues generally, and contains Links to the Insurance Center.
      "EBIX CONTENT" means the Links and information available on the ebix Site
      and supplied to the Insurance Center pursuant to this Agreement, and any
      other textual, graphical, audio, visual or other materials created or
      provided by or on behalf of ebix for use in the Insurance Center.
      "EBIX MARKS" means the name, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, logos
      and other distinctive brand marks of ebix adopted by ebix or used in or
      relating to ebix business from time to time, whether or not in connection
      with its performance of this Agreement, including but not limited to those
      identified in EXHIBIT B attached hereto.
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001"EBIX SITE" means the Internet-based Site maintained and operated by ebix
      at the URL HTTP://WWW.EBIX.COM.
      "FILLED APPLICATION FORM" means when an About User accesses an application
      form for buying insurance through a Link from the Insurance Center and
      completely fills out all fields of the form and clicks the "Submit"
      button. The sample format of the application form is enclosed in Exhibit
      J. If ebix wishes to increase the length of the Filled Application Form by
      more than 10% during the Term, About must approve such change.
      "INSURANCE CENTER" means a channel accessible from the About Site Home
      Page and other Links or Advertising Placements, created and maintained by
      ebix hereunder and on which (i) the About Marks and About Wrapper appear,
      and (ii) the ebix Content is displayed pursuant to this Agreement.
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       3
      "LAUNCH DATE" means the date on which the ebix Content is first displayed
      to the public on the Insurance Center.
      "LINK" means a hyperlink or so called "hot link" in graphical and/or
      textual format located on any Site which takes a user directly to another
      Site.
      "MARKS" means the About Marks and the ebix Marks collectively.
      "PARTNERSHIP BOX" means an area within an About Web page containing search
      functionality by which an About User shall have the ability to search for
      insurance information and access the Insurance Center , which shall appear
      in substantially the form and manner as set forth on EXHIBIT D.
      "PROMOTIONAL IMPRESSIONS" means an Advertising Placement having been
      served by About or About's third party advertising server for display on
      the About Network that redirects an About User to the Insurance Center
      "QUARTER" shall mean any increment of three (3) months. The first of these
      Quarters, which do not necessarily conform to calendar quarters, shall
      commence on the first day of the month following the Launch Date and are
      to be measured in consecutive three (3) month increments following
      thereafter.
      "SITE" means any interactive site or area, including by way of example and
      without limitation, a site on the World Wide Web portion of the Internet.
2.    TERM
2.1   The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof
      (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix,
      but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30)
      months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled
      Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially
      reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less
      from the Effective Date.
3.    DEVELOPMENT, OPERATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF INSURANCE CENTER; EXCLUSIVITY
3.1   Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, About shall,
      create and maintain Links within the About Network to the Insurance Center
      and to the ebix Site, which Links shall be accessible to About Users by
      means of (i) a Link on the About Site Home Page, substantially as depicted
      in EXHIBIT C, (ii) a Link on the Auto Channel Home Page, Family/Parenting
      Channel Home Page, Health Channel Home Page, Money Channel Home Page, and
      Real Estate Channel Home Page, substantially as depicted in EXHIBIT D;
      (iii) within fifty percent (50%) of the Partnership Box on each of the
      following About Guide Site Home Pages and all the subsequent Guide Sites
      Sub-Pages until the termination of this agreement as detailed in section
      2.1: Personal Insurance, Senior Health, Retirement Planning, Consumer
      Information/Advocacy, Auto Repair, Vintage Cars, Motorcycles, 4 Wheel
      Drive/SUVs, Trucks, Cars, Power Boating, and Sailing for as long as such
      Guide Sites are in existence, substantially as depicted in EXHIBIT E, ;
      and (iv) Links from the Advertising Placements, as set forth in the
      greater detail in Section 4. Notwithstanding Section 7.1, all the above
      links on the About.com Home Page and Channels listed above, in addition to
      the Partnership Box integration on the Guide Site Home Pages and all the
      subsequent Guide Site Sub-Pages shall be maintained by about, until the
      termination of this agreement as detailed in Section 2.1
3.2   The Insurance Center shall be hosted solely by ebix and contained in an
About Wrapper and ebix shall, during the Term, provide site maintenance services
relative to the Insurance Center substantially as provided for the ebix Site
from time to time, subject to the uptime requirements as set forth in Section
13.4  [TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL] .
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       4
3.3   During the Term, ebix shall be the exclusive integrated online insurance
provider in the Channels and Guide Sites listed in Section 3.1  [DEVELOPMENT, OPERATION AND ADMINISTRATIO...]  above. [**]
  4.  ADVERTISING IMPRESSIONS; INTEGRATION IMPRESSIONS; APPLICATIONS
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/20014.1   Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until March 15, 2001,
      About shall deliver to ebix [**] Advertising Impressions in the form and
      manner set forth on EXHIBIT G; About will not begin to deliver the
      Impressions as set forth in Exhibit G until the Insurance Center is live
      and fully functional.
4.2   Commencing on or about March 20, 2001 and continuing throughout the Term,
      About shall deliver to ebix the greater of [**] Promotional Impressions,
      or the number of impressions as calculated according to the terms set
      forth in Section 4.5  [ADVERTISING IMPRESSIONS; INTEGRATION IMP...] , in the form and manner as set forth on EXHIBIT H.
4.3   If this Agreement is terminated by either party pursuant to Sections 13.1  [TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL] ,
      13.2  [TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL]  or 13.3  [TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL]  prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, About
      shall be obligated to deliver only a pro-rated number of impressions and
      Filled application forms to ebix
4.4   Pursuant to section 2.1, About shall use commercially reasonable efforts
      to generate at least [**] during the Term and may use any and all
      advertising units in order to reach this goal.
4.5   Additionally, About shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver
      [**] Filled Application Forms per Quarter. If, however, at the end of a
      Quarter, About has not generated the applicable Quarterly Filled
      Application goals as set forth on EXHIBIT I, About shall deliver
      additional advertising impressions, in the amounts also set forth on
      EXHIBIT I.
4.6   Notwithstanding Section 7.1, pursuant to sections 2.1 and 3.1, commencing
      on or about February 15, 2001 and continuing through out the Term, About
      shall maintain all the Links and Partnership Box integration as set forth
      in section 3.1
5.    PAYMENTS AND REPORTS
5.1   ebix shall pay to About, [**] in consideration for the Advertising
Impressions as set forth in Section 4.1  [ADVERTISING IMPRESSIONS; INTEGRATION IMP...] , herein, no later than seven (7)
business days from the Effective Date , which shall be paid to About via wire
transfer, pursuant to the following instructions:[**]
5.2 In addition, ebix agrees to pay to About a fee of [**] for [**] and [**]
from [**] up to [**] (the "Application Fees"). The payment of the Application
Fees are to be due within 30 days after the end of the month in which the
Application Fees were generated. Such payments shall be accompanied by a
report stating the number of Filled Application Forms generated during the
previous month, as well as the amount due to About. Ebix will track the
number of Filled Application Forms generated by About Customers.
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       5
5.3   If any of the payments are not received on or before the appropriate dates
      as described above, About shall have the right to charge ebix interest on
      the overdue amount at the rate of 6% per year,, calculated from 30 days
      after the end of the month for which payment is made until the date of
      ebix's payment of such amount, which interest shall be in addition to such
      fees due and owing About. In addition, About shall be entitled to its
      reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) in connection
      with any action to collect fees under or to otherwise enforce this
      Agreement.
5.4   About shall have the right to examine, or to have examined by a
representative of About, ebix's books and records to verify the accuracy of
payments made to About for a maximum period of last 6 months preceding a written
notice of About, pursuant to this Agreement. About shall provide ebix with at
least thirty (30) days' prior notice of an audit and such audit shall be
conducted at ebix's offices for a maximum period of two business days, during
regular business hours, subject to ebix's cooperation. If the audit reveals that
ebix has paid About less than the sum to which About is entitled, ebix agrees to
pay About.com the additional sums due. If such sums exceed five percent (5%) of
the total monies owed in connection with such audited amount to About ,ebix will
pay for all costs reasonably incurred by About in connection with the audit.
6.    LICENSE TO USE MARKS
6.1   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, ebix hereby grants
      to About a limited, non-transferable, fully-paid, worldwide, non-exclusive
      right and license to use, reproduce, adapt (but only to pursuant to its
      rights under this Agreement), incorporate, integrate and distribute the
      ebix Marks and ebix Content, during the Term, solely as necessary to
      perform its obligations under this Agreement.
      .
6.2   Each party retains all right, title and interest in and to its respective
      Marks and nothing contained herein shall confer in the other party any
      right, title or interest in or to such Marks. Any use by the party (the
      "Licensee") of the other party's (the "Licensor") Marks shall conform with
      any usage guidelines or instructions that the Licensor may provide from
      time to time, and Licensee shall promptly remedy any failure to conform
      with such guidelines as are communicated to it by Licensor. Anything
      contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Licensee shall,
      prior to any use of Licensor's Marks pursuant to this Agreement, submit to
      Licensor a sample of the proposed use thereof and obtain from the Licensor
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001approval of such sample. All goodwill associated with the use of
      Licensor's Marks shall inure to the benefit of such Licensor.
7.    RIGHT TO REDESIGN AND RE-INDEX
      7.1   About may, at any time, revise the design, Look and Feel, and layout
            of the About Network. If, in About's reasonable opinion, any such
            revision would result in the need for ebix to modify its Links to
            and/or from the About Network or any of the Channels or Guide Sites
            mentioned herein, and as applicable, About shall provide ebix with a
            written notice stating the need for such revision, and ebix shall,
            within not more than thirty (30) days from the date of such notice,
            modify its Links. About shall have the right to approve in advance
            such modification.
8.    CREDIT
8.1   eBix shall receive all page view, impression, reach duration and frequency
      credit resulting from About Users accessing the Insurance Center.
9.    OWNERSHIP
9.1   eBix shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to any
      About Customer data generated on the Insurance Center, and nothing in this
      Agreement shall confer in About any right, title or interest in
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       6
      the About Customer data (except to the extent that it is duplicative of
      About User data and as hereinafter provided). Upon request by About, ebix
      shall provide About with About Customer Data in the aggregated form, which
      aggregated form shall be jointly owned by ebix and About. During the Term
      and any time thereafter, eBix shall not sell, lease, transfer,
      disseminate, display or otherwise disclose any About User data to any
      third party or otherwise use the same for any reason other than as set
      forth herein. However, ebix shall not be prohibited from selling, leasing,
      transferring, disseminating, displaying or otherwise disclosing any About
      Customer Data, as defined in Section 1 above.
9.2   About shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to any
      About User data generated within the About Network (other than the
      Insurance Center), and nothing in this Agreement shall confer in eBix any
      right, title or interest in or to the About User Data (other than the
      Insurance Center and except to the extent that it is duplicative of About
      Customer Data).
9.2   Other than set forth herein, all intellectual and proprietary information,
      supplied or developed by either party shall be and remain the sole and
      exclusive property of the party who supplied and developed same.
10.   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS
10.1  eBix represents, warrants and covenants that (i) the execution, delivery
      and performance by ebix of this Agreement and the consummation by it of
      the transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or violate any
      provision of law, rule or regulation to which ebix is subject, or any
      agreement or other instrument applicable to ebix or binding upon ebix, its
      assets or properties; (ii)ebix is the sole and exclusive owner of the ebix
      Marks and the ebix Content and ebix has the unqualified right and power to
      render the performances and activities contemplated under the terms of
      this Agreement, included but not limited to the right to publish all
      materials, software, content, products or services appearing on and
      accessible to About Users linking from the Insurance Center to the About
      Network or provided by About for use on the Insurance Center; (iii) the
      ebix Marks and other content provided by ebix hereunder, including but not
      limited to the ebix Content, or appearing on and accessible to About Users
      linking from the Insurance Center to the About Network , will not infringe
      upon or violate the copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual
      property rights or interests of any third party or misappropriate the
      trade secrets of any third party, constitute false advertising, unfair
      competition, defamation, invasion of privacy or publicity rights, moral or
      otherwise, or violate any anti-discrimination law or regulation; (iv)ebix
      will take commercially reasonable precautions to insure that the Insurance
      Center and the ebix Site are and will continue to be free of any software
      disabling devices , including, but not limited to, time bombs, viruses or
      devices of a similar nature, or any defamatory, slanderous, libelous,
      illegal, pornographic or obscene material or services; and (v)ebix shall
      not (a) hold itself out as having any proprietary rights with respect to
      the About Marks or (b) make any claim to ownership rights in the About
      Marks or challenge the About Marks or the registration thereof, or (c)
      attempt to register or cause to be registered the About Marks or create or
      use or attempt to register or cause to be registered any marks or trade
      names that are confusingly similar to the About Marks, or (d) use the
      About Marks hereunder without About's approval of such use.
10.2  About represents, warrants and covenants that (i) the execution, delivery
      and performance by About of this Agreement and the consummation by it of
      the transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or violate any
      provision of law, rule or regulation to which About is subject, or any
      agreement or other instrument applicable to About or binding upon About,
      its assets or properties; (ii) About is the sole and exclusive owner of
      the About Marks and About has the unqualified right and power to render
      the performances and activities contemplated under the terms of this
      Agreement, included but not limited to the right to publish all materials,
      software, content, products or services appearing on and accessible to
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001About Users linking from the Insurance Center to the About Network
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       7
      or provided by About for use on the Insurance Center; (iii) the About
      Marks and other content provided by About hereunder, or appearing on and
      accessible to About Users linking from the Insurance Center to the About
      Network , will not infringe upon or violate the copyright, trademark,
      patent, or other intellectual property rights or interests of any third
      party or misappropriate the trade secrets of any third party, constitute
      false advertising, unfair competition, defamation, invasion of privacy or
      publicity rights, moral or otherwise, or violate any anti-discrimination
      law or regulation; (iv) About will take commercially reasonable
      precautions to insure that the About Network and the About Network are and
      will continue to be free of any software disabling devices , including,
      but not limited to, time bombs, viruses or devices of a similar nature;
      and (v) About shall not (a) hold itself out as having any proprietary
      rights with respect to the ebix Marks or (b) make any claim to ownership
      rights in the ebix Marks or challenge the ebix Marks or the registration
      thereof, or (c) attempt to register or cause to be registered the ebix
      Marks or create or use or attempt to register or cause to be registered
      any marks or trade names that are confusingly similar to the ebix Marks,
      or (d) use the ebix Marks hereunder without ebix's approval of such use.
11.   INDEMNIFICATION
11.1  eBix will defend, indemnify and hold About, its officers, directors,
      agents, employees and consultants (collectively the "About Indemnified
      Parties") harmless from and against any third party claims against About
      for all liabilities, claims, actions, damages, losses, settlements, and
      costs, and expenses (including, without limitation reasonable attorneys'
      fees) relating to or arising out of ebix's breach of its warranties,
      representations, responsibilities or covenants hereunder.
11.2  About will defend, indemnify and hold ebix, its officers, directors,
      agents, employees and consultants (collectively the "eBix Indemnified
      Parties") harmless from and against any third party claims against ebix
      for all liabilities, claims, actions, damages, losses, settlements, and
      costs, and expenses (including, without limitation reasonable attorneys'
      fees) relating to or arising out of About's breach of its warranties,
      representations, responsibilities or covenants hereunder.
11.3  The indemnified party agrees to (i) provide prompt written notice (in
      accordance with Section 15.7  [MISCELLANEOUS] below) of any such claim to the indemnifying
      party, (ii) allow the indemnifying party to control and conduct the
      defense of the claim and settlement negotiations, including but not
      limited to, providing the indemnifying party with all reasonably available
      information, assistance, authority, and cooperation reasonably required to
      enable the indemnifying party to defend and settle the claim. No
      settlement or compromise hereunder shall be made which binds the
      indemnified party without the express written consent of the indemnified
      party.
12.4  Each party shall promptly inform the other party of any event or
      circumstance, and provide all information pertaining thereto, related to
      or arising from this Agreement which could lead to a claim or demand
      against the other party by any third party with respect to any content
      supplied hereunder for use on the Insurance Center.
12.   CONFIDENTIALITY
12.1  The parties may from time to time receive from one another certain
      information that is proprietary or confidential to the disclosing party,
      including the About Confidential Information and the ebix Confidential
      Information (collectively, the "Confidential Information"). The recipient
      of such Confidential Information shall hold such Confidential Information
      in confidence, shall not use it except to further its relationship with
      the other party under this Agreement, and shall not publish or disclose it
      to third parties unless authorized in writing by the disclosing party.
      These restrictions shall not apply to any Confidential Information: (i)
      after it has become generally available to the public without of breach of
      this Agreement by the receiving party; (ii) is rightfully in the receiving
      party's possession before disclosure to it by the disclosing party; (iii)
      is independently developed by the
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       8
      receiving party; (iv) rightfully received the receiving party from a third
      party without confidentiality; or (v) is required to be disclosed under
      operation of law or administrative process. Upon expiration or termination
      of this Agreement for any reason, each party will promptly and at the
      direction of the other party, either destroy or return to the disclosing
      party, and will not take or use, all items of any nature which belong to
      the disclosing party and all records (in any form, format or medium)
      containing or relating to Confidential Information. The parties'
      obligations under this Section 12 shall survive the termination or
      non-renewal of this Agreement.
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/200113.   TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL
13.1  eBix may terminate this Agreement, [**] upon [**] to About; provided,
      however, that the termination is no earlier than [**] of the Effective
      Date of this Agreement.
13.2  Either party may terminate this Agreement if the other (i) fails to make
      any payment required to be made by it hereunder for more than twenty (20)
      business days after such party shall have received notice from the other
      party of the failure of payment thereof, or (ii) commits a material breach
      of this Agreement that is not cured within thirty (30) calendar days after
      receipt of written notice of the breach.
13.3  Either party may terminate immediately upon written notice if the other
      party (i) ceases to function as a going concern or to conduct operations
      in the normal course of business; (ii) has a petition filed against it
      under any state or federal bankruptcy law which petition has not been
      dismissed or set aside within ninety (90) days of its filing, or if (a)
      About sells all or substantially all of the assets of such party or any
      event or series of event whereby any entity acquires beneficial ownership
      of the capital stock of such party representing fifty percent (50%) of the
      voting stock of such party provided however, that the acquisition of About
      by Primedia shall not be grounds for the termination of this Agreement; or
      (b) ebix becomes acquired by, merged into or is under the control of any
      of the following parties, About may terminate this Agreement immediately
      upon by providing ebix written notice: AOL; Yahoo; Lycos/Terra; NBC; CBS;
      Looksmart; InfoSpace; CMGI; AltaVista; Disney; Microsoft; CNET;
      Excite@Home; AskJeeves; GOTO; Doubleclick; or Lifeminders.
13.4 The ebix Insurance Center shall be operational and fully functionally at
least ninety nine percent (99.0%) of the time during the Term, without taking
into account scheduled downtime and maintenance which shall not exceed in the
aggregate, one (1) hour in any one (1) month period. In the event of any
downtime and/or maintenance in excess of the aforementioned amount, such shall
be deemed a material breach and ebix shall have twenty four (24) hours in which
to cure such breach. If such breach is not cured to About's reasonable
satisfaction, About may remove the ebix Links after informing either the
President, CFO or CTO of ebix until About reasonably determines that the ebix
Web Site is operational and fully functional.
13.6 Upon termination of this Agreement, any and all licenses granted by one
party to the other hereunder shall immediately terminate, and the parties shall
immediately cease the use of the other party's Marks, material or content
provided in connection with this Agreement, and shall remove all Links to and
from one another's Sites, and About shall remove all Links between the About
Network and the Insurance Center. Each party shall return the Confidential
Information of the other party.
13.7 The rights and obligations of the parties hereto under Sections 5.3  [PAYMENTS AND REPORTS] , 5.4  [PAYMENTS AND REPORTS] ,
9, 10, 11, 12, 14, and 15 shall survive the expiration or termination of this
Agreement and continue in full force and effect notwithstanding such expiration
or termination.
14.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       9
14.1  NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT THE LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFIT OR
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILTY
OF SUCH. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY, AND EACH
PARTY HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE TOOLS AND SERVICES CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT,
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE.
15.   MISCELLANEOUS
15.1  Each party is an independent contractor and not an employee of the other
party. Each party understands and agrees that (i) its employees are not entitled
to any benefits provided to any employee of the other party and (ii) it is
solely responsible for reporting as income any compensation received hereunder.
Each party is responsible for compliance with all federal, state and local laws,
regulations and orders in connection with taxes, unemployment insurance, social
security, worker's compensation, disability or like matters.
15.2  This constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and no statement, promise, or inducements made by
either party or agent of either party that is not contained in this written
Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be modified or
altered except in writing signed by both parties.
15.3  In the event any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable,
such provision will be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable, and the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full
force and effect.
15.4  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state where a suit is
properly filed under the terms of this paragraph, being either Illinois or New
York, and without giving effect to conflict of law principles. Litigation
initiated by ebix shall be filed in New York, whereas litigation initiated by
About shall be filed in Illinois. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction
of Illinois or New York, to effectuate the terms of this paragraph, and further
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in
state or federal courts of the States of New York or Illinois, counties of New
York or Cook, respectively.
15.5  Neither party will be liable for, or will be considered to be in breach of
or default under this Agreement on account of, any delay or failure to perform
as required by this Agreement as a result of any causes or conditions that are
beyond such party's reasonable control and that such party is unable to overcome
through the exercise of commercially reasonable diligence (a "force majeure
event"). If any force majeure event occurs, the affected party will give prompt
written notice to the other party and will use commercially reasonable efforts
to minimize the impact of the event.
15.6  Neither party may assign the Agreement without the written consent of the
other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except
that either party may assign the Agreement without obtaining the consent of the
other party to an affiliate or successor by way of purchase, merger,
consolidation or similar transaction, subject to the requirement that the
Agreement shall be binding and enforceable against any successor or assign.
15.7  Any notice under this Agreement will be in writing and delivered by
personal delivery, overnight courier, or certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, and will be deemed given upon personal delivery, one (1) day
after deposit with an overnight courier, three (3) days after deposit in the
mail, or upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile. Notices sent to About at the
address listed above will be addressed to President, Corporate Development and
notices sent to ebix at the address listed will be addressed to Richard
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       10
Baum, 1900 E.Golf Road, Suite 1200, Schuamberg, IL 60173 and each will be sent
to the appropriate address set forth above or such other address as that party
may specify in writing pursuant to this Section.
Agreed and Accepted:
EBIX.COM, INC.                           ABOUT.COM, INC.
Name:                                    Name:
     -------------------------------          -------------------------------
Title:                                   Title:
      ------------------------------           ------------------------------
Signature:                               Signature:
          --------------------------               --------------------------
Date:                                    Date:
     -------------------------------          -------------------------------
** Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.
   The redacted material has been filed with the commission pursuant to an
   application for confidential treatment.
                                       11
Source: EBIX INC, 10-Q, 5/15/2001EXHIBIT 10.15
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This Agreement is made this 21st day of January 2003  by and between Lucent
Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation having a principal place of business
at 600 Mountain Avenue, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974 ("Lucent") and mPhase
Technologies Inc., a New Jersey corporation located at 587 Connecticut Avenue,
Norwalk, Connecticut 068545 ("mPhase") (each individually, "a Party" and,
collectively, "the Parties"}.
WHEREAS, mPhase wishes to use the Lucent Technologies name and Logo and the
slogan TECHNOLOGY BY LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES on printed circuit boards, product
packaging and in printed marketing materials ("Approved Uses") in connection
with its multi-access product (the "Goods") and Lucent wishes to permit mPhase
to do so.
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, agree as follows:
1.       mPhase may apply only the exact logo shown on Schedule A of this
         Agreement (the "Lucent Co-Branding Logo"} in Approved Uses for mPhase's
         Goods.
2.       mPhase agrees to abide by the guidelines appearing on Schedule B of
         this Agreement specifying the dimensions, requirements and
         specifications, and the review process related to use of the Lucent
         Co-Branding Logo. mPhase understands that these guidelines may be
         updated from time to time and agrees to abide by those updates as well
         as the guidelines provided herein.
3.       In the event that mPhase's use of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo, in the
         sole judgment of Lucent, may adversely affect Lucent's rights to the
         mark shown on Schedule A or the marks and names LUCENT, LUCENT
         TECHNOLOGIES or LUCENT INNOVATION RING DESIGN, Lucent may upon written
         notification to mPhase, terminate this Agreement.
4.       mPhase agrees that it acquires no rights to the Lucent Co-Branding Logo
         nor to the marks LUCENT, LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES or LUCENT INNOVATION RING
         DESIGN, by its use and that any use of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo by
         mPhase inures to the benefit of Lucent.
5.       mPhase agrees not to adopt any designation which is confusingly similar
         to the Lucent Co-Branding Logo or Lucent's marks LUCENT, LUCENT
         TECHNOLOGIES or LUCENT INNOVATION RING DESIGN. Any attempt to do so
         shall be a breach of this Agreement and Lucent may terminate this
         Agreement without notice in the event of such a breach.
6.       This Agreement shall terminate in the event of a significant change in
         the management or ownership of mPhase or in the event mPhase is the
         subject of any bankruptcy proceedings.
7.       Lucent is generally aware of the current quality of mPhase's Goods.
         mPhase agrees to maintain the quality of its Goods associated with the
         Lucent Co-Branding Logo to a level of quality comparable to the current
         quality of their Goods.
8.       If Lucent determines that mPhase's Goods are no longer maintained at
         the current level of quality, Lucent shall so notify mPhase, in
         writing, and Lucent shall have the right to terminate this Agreement.
9.       mPhase agrees to allow Lucent to inspect the Approved Uses bearing the
         Lucent Co-Branding Logo, to ensure that those uses reviewed and
         approved pursuant to the procedure set forth in Schedule B continue to
         be in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
10.      In the event that mPhase becomes aware of any unauthorized use of the
         Lucent Co-Branding Logo or other Lucent marks by third parties, mPhase
         agrees to promptly notify Lucent and to cooperate fully, at Lucent's
         expense, in any enforcement of Lucent's rights against such third
Source: MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC, 10-K, 9/11/2003parties. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed to
         require Lucent to enforce any rights against third parties or to
         restrict Lucent's rights to license or consent to such third parties'
         use of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo or any other Lucent marks.
11.      The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall
         continue for a term of one (1) year. mPhase shall have the right to
         annually renew this agreement for a period of one year upon each annual
         expiration with the written consent of Lucent, which written consent
         shall not be unreasonably withheld. Either party wishing to terminate
         the Agreement must give written notice to the other party at least
         thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination.
12.      Upon termination of this Agreement, mPhase shall immediately cease use
         of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo, provided, however, that mPhase shall
         have no obligation to remove such Co-Branding Logo from any Goods sold
         prior to the date of such termination.
                                      -2-
13.      Neither Party shall be liable to the other for special, incidental, or
         consequential damages, even if such Party has been advised of the
         possibility of such damages.
14.      This Agreement shall not be assigned by mPhase without the prior
         written consent of Lucent.
15.      The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be
         governed by the laws of the State of New York.
16.      This Agreement, including the Schedules and Addenda hereto, constitutes
         the entire Agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter
         hereof and supersedes all proposals, oral or written, all negotiations,
         conversations, and/or discussions between the Parties relating to this
         Agreement and all past courses of dealing or industry customs.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties by their duly authorized representatives, have
executed this Agreement on the respective dates indicated below.
Lucent Technologies Inc.                  mPhase, Inc.
By:  /s/ D. Laurence Padilla              By:  /s/ Ron Durando
     -----------------------                   ----------------------
     D. Laurence Padilla                       Ron Durando
     President -                               Chief Executive Officer
     Intellectual Property Business
Date:  1/28/03                            Date:  01/21/03
     -----------------------                   ----------------------
                                      -3-
                                   Schedule A
                                   ----------
                               ------------------
                               Technology
                               By
                                    [graphic]
                              Lucent Technologies
                               ------------------
                                      -4-
Source: MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC, 10-K, 9/11/2003Schedule B
                                   ----------
                             Co-Branding Guidelines
Control Specifications
o  Consistent with our guidelines, 'Bell Labs Innovations' from the Lucent Logo
   can never appear on co-branded offers.
o  The 2-logos of each company can never be combined to form a compositE logo
   or suggest the "two company's" are part of one company.
o  Our Logo must always maintain a staging of 1/2 the diameter of the Innovation
   Ring of clearspace.
o  The Lucent Logo may be reproduced in black or with the Innovation Ring in
   Lucent Red with black type.
o  The Lucent co-branding Art shown in Schedule A above may not be altered in
   any way from the form in which it is provided to mPhase by Lucent
   Technologies.
o  Since our mark is prominent, it is important that a form of each new or
   initial use of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo be reviewed individually prior to
   implementation. Although mPhase may receive Co-branding approval for one
   application, it has not been granted 'blanket use' of the Co-Branding Logo or
   the Lucent Marks on all other applications.
o  Samples of each new or initial use of the Lucent Co-Branding Logo should be
   sent to Corporate Identity, Lucent Technologies, Attn: Bob Cort, Room 3A 405,
   600 Mountain Avenue, Murray Hill, NJ 07974-0636; and to Lucent Technologies
   Inc., Attn: Trademarks & Copyrights, Room 2F 181, 600 Mountain Avenue, Murray
   Hill, NJ 07974-0636 for approval prior to any use of the materials.
                                      -5-
Source: MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC, 10-K, 9/11/2003EXHIBIT 10.4
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
         THIS CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made as of May 22, 2000
(the "Effective Date"), by and between WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware
corporation having a place of business at 1820 Gateway Drive Suite 150, San
Mateo, CA 94404 ("Women.com"), and EDIETS.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation,
having its principal place of business at 3467 West Hillsboro Boulevard, Suite
2, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 ("eDiets").
         WHEREAS, eDiets maintains a site on the Internet, currently located at
http://www.eDiets.com (the "eDiets Site"), that provides personalized diet and
counseling on-line;
         WHEREAS, Women.com maintains sites on the Internet, currently located
at http://www.women.com (the "Women.com Sites"), that provides an on-line portal
for women, blending content, community, commerce and services;
         WHEREAS, eDiets and Women.com wish to establish and maintain a custom,
category-exclusive, co-branded center containing repackaged content from the
eDiets Site, including a free personal diet profile, which will be a part of the
Women.com Sites, in order to promote the eDiets brand and drive traffic to the
eDiets Site.
         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations and warranties set forth herein, the parties hereby agree as
follows:
1.       THE DIET CENTER.
         1.1 Women.com will name an area, in which eDiets content will be
published (such area, the "Diet Center"). Links (presented as Diet Center logos)
to the Diet Center will be located on three Women.com channels (the Fitness
Channel www.women.com/fitness; the Health Channel www.women.com/health; and the
Food Channel www.women.com/food) and two subchannels within such channels to be
determined in accordance with Exhibit B hereto. The first page of the Diet
Center (the "Gateway Page") will have the look and feel of the Women.com Sites
as specified in Exhibit A hereto. The Diet Center shall be branded with an icon
that includes the eDiets logo. There will be no Women.com or eDiets registration
required to enter and use the Gateway Page of the Diet Center. Women.com and
eDiets will mutually agree upon the content and logo of the Gateway Page,
including the display, appearance and placement of the Diet Center's logo, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including the specifications set
forth on Exhibit A hereto, prior to the launch date of the Diet Center (the
"Launch Date"). eDiets and Women.com shall work together in good faith in order
to implement such design and development and the continued enhancement of the
Diet Center.
         1.2 Women.com shall store and maintain the Gateway Page on, and serve
the Gateway Page from, server(s) located on Women.com's premises or the premises
of Women.com's third party web host. eDiets shall store and maintain the Diet
Center beneath the Gateway Page, and serve the Diet Center beneath the Gateway
Page from, server(s) located on eDiets' premises or the premises of eDiets'
third party web host. Effective one week from the
                                       1
Launch Date, eDiets shall include a back button to the Women.com Site on all
pages of the Diet Center beneath the Gateway Page. If at any time during the
Term of this Agreement, eDiets reasonably believes that the inclusion of such
back buttons has a material negative effect upon the rate at which users of the
Diet Center register to become members of eDiets or convert into registered
participants of the services offered by eDiets on the Diet Center (the "Negative
Effect"), eDiets may conduct a one (1) month test of the effect of such back
buttons which may include the exclusion of the back button. If such test
verifies the Negative Effect of the back button(s) to the Women.com Site, eDiets
may remove any such back buttons.
         1.3 Except as set forth in Section 1.2  [Women], eDiets will have sole
responsibility for providing and maintaining at its own expense the Diet Center
beneath the Gateway Page. eDiets and Women.com will work together regarding the
on-going design and maintenance of the Diet Center.
         1.4 Each party shall bear its own expenses related to its
responsibilities under this Section 1.
2.       EDIETS OBLIGATIONS.
         2.1 Content License. eDiets hereby grants to Women.com, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, nontransferable,
worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce and display the
editorial content and other data, branding and other identification provided by
eDiets to Women.com in connection with this Agreement (the "eDiets Content") on
the Women.com Sites: (i) for publication in the Diet Center and elsewhere
throughout the Women.com Sites; (ii) for the promotion of eDiets and the Diet
Center on the Women.com Sites and in collateral advertising materials; and (iii)
for such other purposes as are consistent with or otherwise authorized under
this Agreement.
         2.2 Delivery of Content. eDiets agrees to deliver to Women.com, by no
later than fifteen (15) days after the Effective Date, in a format specified by
Women.com, the initial eDiets Content required by this Agreement, including any
photos, text, data, illustrations, graphical elements, animation or banner ads.
All eDiets Content delivered under this Agreement shall be consistent with the
specifications for such eDiets Content (including specifications as to manner
and media), and otherwise in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement,
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000including Exhibit D hereto, and any production schedules developed by the
parties from time to time. eDiets agrees that it will respond in a timely manner
to be agreed upon by the parties to all reasonable requests made by Women.com or
its agents for updated eDiets Content and refreshing of eDiets Content for the
Women.com Sites.
         2.3 Format. eDiets will deliver the eDiets Content in such
"camera-ready" or digital format, as agreed to by the parties.
         2.4 Editorial Guidelines. eDiets shall ensure that the eDiets Content
complies with Women.com's editorial guidelines. Women.com will provide eDiets
with specific editorial guidelines for eDiets Content. Women.com reserves the
right to reject any and all content that does not meet Women.com's editorial
guidelines. eDiets will then be required to edit such
                                       2
content until all content provided by eDiets complies with Women.com's editorial
guidelines and standards. In the event that eDiets fails, within five (5) days
after submission by Women.com, to provide Women.com with necessary revisions
thereto, such failure shall be deemed to be approval of Women.com's edits.
Women.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to require eDiets to
eliminate, any banner, hypertext or other link from the Women.com Site to any
web site containing content promoting or advertising tobacco, liquor, controlled
substances, gambling, firearms or sexually explicit, offensive or degrading
material. In addition to the foregoing and the content guidelines set forth in
Section 5.2  [EXCLUSIVITY] hereof, eDiets may not directly link from the Gateway Page to any
Women.com Competitive Company (as defined in Section 5.2  [EXCLUSIVITY]).
         2.5 Facts. eDiets shall be solely responsible for ensuring the
timeliness, accuracy, and correctness of all facts, data and information
("Facts") contained within the eDiet Content. eDiets shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Women.com, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against all damages, awards, costs, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees),
and expenses that such parties may incur as a result of third party claims
arising from such third parties' reliance on Facts. Women.com retains the right,
but not the obligation, to independently corroborate, or have corroborated, the
timeliness, accuracy, and correctness of all Facts.
3.       ADVERTISING.
         3.1 Advertising and Promotion. Advertising and Promotion. Women.com
shall make available to eDiets and eDiets shall purchase from Women.com
advertising and promotional inventory in the amounts and at the rates specified
in Exhibit B hereto and in accordance with the terms specified in Exhibit D
hereto. If Women.com does not deliver at least 80% of the Quarterly Impression
Guarantee for Advertsing Promotions as set forth on Exhibit B (11,250,000 per
quarter; 45,000,000 per year); 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for the
Diet Center Logo as set forth on Exhibit B (3,250,000 per quarter; 13,000,000
per year); and 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for Other Campaigns as
set forth on Exhibit B (3,000,000 per quarter; 12,000,000 per year) each quarter
following the Launch Date, within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable
quarter, Women.com shall deliver an amount equal to the under-delivery within
the same campaign elements, including newsletters, promotions, exclusive
sponsorships, targeted rotations, ROS, channel and sub-channel center logo
placements, or mutually agreed upon comparable elements. If Women.com does not
deliver the shortfall within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable
quarter, eDiets may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately or
authorize Women.com to deliver the shortfall within an extended number of days
to be mutually agreed upon by the parties (the "Make Good Period"). Should
eDiets elect to terminate this Agreement, Women.com shall reimburse eDiets
within thirty (30) days of the date of such termination for all pre-paid
impressions or other promotions not delivered as of the date of termination.
Women.com agrees that if eDiets elects to extend the Agreement the monthly fee
due and payable during the Make Good Period will be recalculated and reduced to
reflect the changes in the revised delivery schedule.
                                       3
         3.2 Women.com and eDiets agree that all media metrics (e.g. pageviews
and impressions) with respect to the Gateway Page of the Diet Center shall be
allocated to Women.com.
         4. PUBLICITY. Neither party will make any public statement, press
release or other announcement relating to the terms of or existence of this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, each party hereby grants to the other the right to issue an initial
press release, the timing and wording of which will be subject to such party's
reasonable approval, regarding the relationship between Women.com and eDiets and
the launch of the Diet Center. This Section shall not in any way restrict either
party from complying with any law, regulation or other governmental demand or
request for information.
5.       EXCLUSIVITY.
         5.1 During the Term, (a) Women.com will not buy, sell, display,
distribute advertising from (including, but not limited to, banner ads, buttons,
badges, text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise promote a
Competitive Company on any page of the Diet Center; (b) eDiets will be the
exclusive third party provider of content and interactive tools for diets and
diet counseling to Women.com within the Diet Center; (c) Women.com will not
enter into a relationship with a Competitive Company that involves any of the
following; (i) custom developed mini or micro web sites; (ii) content
integration; (iii) discounts offered only to Women.com members on the Member
Central page of the Women.com Sites; (iv) editorial endorsement (such as
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000"Brought to you by....") or fixed placement of 468x60 (top) and 125x365 (side)
banners within eight (8) of the Content Features selected by eDiets; and (v)
anchor sponsorship in any multi-sponsor Women.com promotion. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Women.com shall be entitled to (aa) provide mini and micro web sites
and Women.com promotions and sponsorships to Jenny Craig; (bb) sell, display, or
distribute advertisements, including banner advertisements, newsletter
placements, internet radio, commerce placements and market research, or
otherwise promote Competitive Companies on pages other than the Gateway Page of
the Diet Center. For purposes of this Agreement, "Competitive Company" means any
company that eDiets reasonably presents as, and Women.com reasonably agrees is,
a direct competitor to eDiets by distributing on-line content principally
relating to diets and diet counseling, including, but not limited to, Weight
Watchers, Jenny Craig, NutriSystem, Nutrio, Asimba, DietSmart and uMagic.
During the Term, Women.com agrees to give eDiets the right of first refusal to
participate in all diet and diet-counseling related promotion opportunities
created or otherwise made available by Women.com on channels or sub-channels
created after the Effective Date of this Agreement, including sponsorships,
anchor placements and any other content integration opportunities ("Diet
Promos"). If Women.com proposes to create and make available Diet Promos after
the Effective Date, it shall give eDiets written notice of its intention,
describing the terms and conditions of participation in the Diet Promos. eDiets
shall have fifteen (15) days from the giving of such notice to agree to
participate in the applicable Diet Promo upon the terms and conditions specified
in the notice by giving written notice of its agreement to Women.com.
                                       4
         5.2 During the Term, eDiets will not buy, sell, display or distribute
advertising from (including, but not limited to, banner ads, buttons, badges,
text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise promote any Women.com
Compettive Company on any page of the eDiets Site that is within two clicks from
the Gateway Page of the Diet Center. For purposes of this Agreement, "Women.com
Competitive Company" means any company that Women.com reasonably presents as,
and eDiets reasonably agrees is, a direct competitor to Women.com by providing
an on-line portal for women, including, but not limited to, Oxygen Media and
iVillage,
6.       PAYMENTS.
         6.1 Payment Schedule. In consideration of Women.com's developing,
maintaining and promoting the Diet Center pursuant to this Agreement, beginning
on the tenth (10th) day after the execution of this Agreement and thereafter on
the last day of each month during the Term of this Agreement, eDiets shall pay
to Women.com a monthly fee in the amount set forth on Exhibit C unless adjusted
as set forth in Section 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion] . Following the Initial Term, Women.com shall have
the right, upon no fewer than sixty (60) days prior written notice to eDiets, to
increase the amount of the Payment Schedule; provided, that (i) Women.com may
not increase the Payment Schedule more than once in any period of twelve (12)
consecutive months; and (ii) such increase may not exceed twenty percent (20%)
of the then current Payment Schedule.
7.       REPORTING.
         7.1 Women.com shall make advertising reports generated by NetGravity
available to eDiets either online or in some other mutually agreed upon format.
Such reports shall contain the number of impressions and other metrics
attributable to each general category of advertising specified in Exhibit B
hereto, as well as such other information as eDiets may reasonably request, to
the extent reasonable commercial efforts and current technology permit. eDiets
agrees to accept such advertising reports provided by Women.com as the official
basis for measuring all services to be provided under this Agreement, provided,
however, that if the traffic data contained in such reports materially differs
(meaning a differential of 25% or more), from the data captured and reported by
eDiets, the parties agree to either (a) identify the source of and remedy the
difference or (b) equally split the difference between the traffic data reported
by each party. If a technological malfunction causes the data reported by
NetGravity to materially inflate the number of impressions provided eDiets by
Women.com, Women.com shall deliver eDiets an amount of impressions equal to the
overcount in accordance with the provisions for under-delivery set forth in
Section 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion]  hereof.
8.       OWNERSHIP.
         8.1 eDiets Content. Nothing in this Agreement shall effect a transfer
of ownership in the eDiets Content from eDiets to Women.com, and eDiets shall
retain all rights of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights
in such eDiets Content that it possessed prior to providing such eDiets Content
to Women.com, subject only to the licenses expressly granted by eDiets to
Women.com by this Agreement. eDiets retains all rights with respect to eDiets
                                       5
Content that are not specifically granted to Women.com herein. Women.com
acknowledges that eDiets owns all right, title and interest in and to the eDiets
Content, and Women.com shall not now or in the future contest the validity of
the eDiets' ownership rights in and to the eDiets Content. eDiets agrees to
periodically include mention of Women.com, including a link to the Women.com
Site if desired by eDiets, within the eDiets Newsletter (the "Mention"). eDiets
shall determine in its sole discretion the placement, frequency and timing of
such Mention, provided that eDiets submits each Mention to Women.com for
approval and secures such approval prior to publication or distribution of such
Mention.
         8.2 Women.com Content. All content, including but not limited to all
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000photos, text, data, illustrations, graphical elements, animation and tools,
appearing on the Women.com Sites (with the exception of the eDiets Content) or
provided to eDiets pursuant to this Agreement by Women.com, including all
software, methods of operation, interfaces, specifications and documentation in
respect of the foregoing contained therein (collectively, "Women.com Content")
is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Women.com or its third
party licensors and eDiets acquires no right, title or interest therein or
thereto.
         8.3 Data Ownership. Women.com routinely collects data from Women.com
visitors to the Women.com Sites. Women.com shall retain all ownership, right,
title and interest in and to any data provided to Women.com by Women.com users
while directly on the Women.com Site. eDiets shall retain all ownership, right,
title and interest in and to any data collected within the eDiets Site
including, but not limited to demographic information and email addresses
submitted to eDiets by users of the eDiets Site.
         8.4 Privacy. eDiets agrees to treat all consumer data collected from
Women.com users on the Women.com Site in accordance with Women.com's privacy and
security policies (the "Women.com Data"). Women.com reserves the right to change
such policies in its sole discretion from time to time. In no event shall eDiets
disclose or otherwise transfer to any person or entity any Women.com Data that
individually or in the aggregate identifies the identity, habits or transactions
of the Women.com users.
         8.5 Tools. To the extent either party, directly or indirectly, utilizes
any software, HTML and/or Java scripts, proprietary tools and/or methodologies
(collectively the "Tools") in performing under this Agreement, such party and
its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to any such Tools.
9.       TRADEMARK OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE.
         9.1 Women.com Marks. Women.com hereby grants eDiets a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to
sublicense to use the Women.com Marks during the Term solely in connection with
(i) the fulfillment of eDiets' obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in
advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement. eDiets
acknowledges and agrees that Women.com owns and otherwise has the exclusive
right to use and to license the Women.com Marks and that Women.com, in each
instance, shall have the right to review and approve or disapprove eDiets' use
of the Women.com Marks, such approval not to be unnecessarily withheld or
delayed. All uses of
                                       6
Women.com Marks by eDiets, including all goodwill arising therefrom shall inure
solely to the benefit of Women.com. Women.com retains all rights with respect to
Women.com Marks that are not specifically granted to eDiets herein. Women.com,
in its sole discretion, may withdraw specific or general permission to use the
Women.com Marks upon seventy-two (72) hours written notice to eDiets. Upon
expiration of such notice period, eDiets shall immediately discontinue use of
the applicable Women.com Marks. As used herein, "Women.com Marks" means all
trademarks, service marks and corporate and brand identification and indicia,
including without limitation word marks, logos and other picture marks, phrases,
jingles, composite marks, corporate, commercial and institutional images,
product designations and identifications of Women.com, whether registered or
not.
         9.2 eDiets Marks. eDiets hereby grants Women.com a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to
sublicense to use the eDiets Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i)
the fulfillment of Women.com's obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in
advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement. Women.com
acknowledges and agrees that eDiets owns and otherwise has the exclusive right
to use and to license the eDiets Marks and that eDiets shall have the right, in
each instance, to review and approve or disapprove Women.com's use of the eDiets
Marks, such approval not to be unnecessarily withheld or delayed. All uses of
eDiets Marks by Women.com, including all goodwill arising therefrom shall inure
solely to the benefit of eDiets. eDiets retains all rights with respect to
eDiets Marks that are not specifically granted to Women.com herein. eDiets, in
its sole discretion, may withdraw specific or general permission to use the
eDiets Marks upon seventy-two (72) hours written notice to Women.com. Upon
expiration of such notice period, Women.com shall immediately discontinue use of
the applicable eDiets Marks. As used herein, "eDiets Marks" means all
trademarks, service marks and corporate and brand identification and indicia,
including without limitation word marks, logos and other picture marks, phrases,
jingles, composite marks, corporate, commercial and institutional images,
product designations and identifications of eDiets, whether registered or not.
         9.3 Usage. All uses by one party of the other party's Marks shall be in
accordance with such quality control standards as the licensing party may
promulgate from time to time and each party agrees to refrain from all uses of
the other party's Marks to which the other party objects. All promotional
literature and other materials prepared by a party in connection with its
promotional obligations hereunder shall bear appropriate copyright and/or
trademark notices as prescribed by the other party, if the other party's content
or branding is included therein. Each party agrees that it will not use,
register or attempt to register in any jurisdiction, or otherwise appropriate or
adopt any name, mark or logo that is confusingly similar to the other party's
Marks. At no time during the term of the Agreement or thereafter shall eDiets
attack, challenge or file any application with respect to any Women.com Mark. At
no time during the term of the Agreement or thereafter shall Women.com attack,
challenge or file any application with respect to any eDiets Mark.
         9.4 Non-Alteration. In any identification of either party pursuant to
this Agreement, one party shall not alter or otherwise impair the branding or
other identification of the other party, nor alter or remove any copyright,
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000trademark or other protective notices of such other
                                       7
party. Women.com agrees that, except as may be reasonably necessary, it shall
not mask, frame, overlay, impair or otherwise materially alter or affect the
images, information, perception, service quality or security obtained from a
eDiets Site once the link or equivalent pathway is selected or initiated.
10.      TERM AND TERMINATION.
         10.1 Initial Term. This Agreement will become effective as of the
Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion]  or 10.2  [Termination for Breach] ,
shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the
"Initial Term"). This agreement shall automatically renew for additional
successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term
("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least
sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term. As used in this agreement,
"Term" shall mean the Initial Term and the Renewal Terms, if any.
         10.2 Termination for Breach. In the event of a material breach of this
Agreement by either party, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement
if such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days from receipt of written
notice of such breach sent to the address of the breaching party as specified
herein. Such termination shall be in addition to any and all other actions or
remedies the parties may seek at law or equity with respect to a breach of this
Agreement.
         10.3 Effect of Termination. Upon the termination, expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms (the "Termination
Date"):
              (a) the rights and licenses granted by each party to the other
pursuant to this Agreement shall automatically terminate;
              (b) where applicable, each party shall return to the other party,
within thirty (30) days from such Termination Date, all intellectual property,
technology or other property in its possession used in connection with this
Agreement that is proprietary to the other party;
              (c) Confidential Information shall be returned in accordance with
the terms of Section 11;
              (d) within sixty (60) days after such Termination Date, Women.com
shall remove and cease to use all eDiets Content provided or made available for
use or display on the Gateway Page pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement;
              (e) within sixty (60) days after such Termination Date, each party
shall eliminate from their respective web sites and/or respective web pages any
marks or branding related to the other party (i.e., the eDiets Marks and the
Women.com Marks, respectively) used in connection with this Agreement;
                                       8
              (f) within sixty (60) days after such Termination Date, Women.com
shall purge from its servers and systems all eDiets Content;
              (g) within sixty (60) days after such Termination Date, Women.com
shall make-good to eDiets any and all payments made to Women.com under this
Agreement for advertising inventory not yet delivered or run, provided that
eDiets has paid for such inventory; and
              (h) within sixty (60) days after such Termination Date, eDiets
shall pay to Woman.com any and all payment due under this Agreement for
delivered advertising and promotions inventory in accordance with Sections 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion]
and 6.1.
         10.4 Survival. The provisions of Sections 4, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and
15, as well as all defined terms, will survive any expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement for any reason.
11.      CONFIDENTIALITY.
         11.1 The parties acknowledge that, in the course of performing duties
under this Agreement, each party may obtain Confidential Information from the
other party. For the purposes of this Section 11, the party disclosing
Confidential Information shall be the "Disclosing Party" and the party receiving
Confidential Information shall be the "Receiving Party." "Confidential
Information" means any and all technical and non-technical information provided
by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party and shall include, but not be
limited to, all information regarding (a) patent and patent applications, (b)
trade secrets, and (c) proprietary information, ideas, samples, media,
techniques, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions,
know-how, processes, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, software programs,
software source documents, and formulae related to the current, future, and
proposed products and services of the Company, and including, without
limitation, the Company's information concerning research, experimental work,
development, design details and specifications, engineering, financial
information, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer
lists, investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business
forecasts, sales and merchandising, marketing plans and information the Company
provides regarding third parties. Confidential Information also includes
proprietary or confidential information of any third party that may disclose
such information to either party in the course of such party's business.
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000Confidential Information may be disclosed in writing, in other tangible form,
orally or visually.
         11.2 Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party will not include
information that the Disclosing Party can demonstrate by reasonable evidence (a)
is in or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement, (b) the
Receiving Party lawfully receives from a third party without restriction on
disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation, (c) is approved for
release by written authorization of the Disclosing Party, (d) the Receiving
Party knew prior to receiving such information from the Disclosing Party or (e)
is independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.
                                       9
         11.3 By virtue of this Agreement, each party hereto may disclose to the
other any information that is Confidential Information. Such Confidential
Information shall be governed by the terms of this Section 11. Each party agrees
to use the Confidential Information of the other party solely to the extent
necessary to fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights hereunder, and not
for any other purpose.
         11.4 Each party agrees (a) that it will disclose such Confidential
Information only to its employees, agents and contractors with a need to know
such Confidential Information and who have obligations of confidentiality not to
use such Confidential Information for any purpose except as expressly permitted
hereunder, (b) that it will not disclose to any third party or use any
Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other except as expressly
permitted in this Agreement, and (c) that it will take all reasonable measures
to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information of the other
party in its possession or control, which will in no event be less than the
measures it uses to maintain the confidentiality of its own information of
similar importance.
         11.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose
Confidential Information (a) to the extent required by a court of competent
jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law,
provided that the Receiving Party uses reasonable efforts to provide the
Disclosing Party with prior notice of such obligation in order to permit the
Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to take legal action to prevent or
limit the scope of such disclosure, or (b) on a "need-to-know" basis under an
obligation of confidentiality to its legal counsel, accountants, banks and other
financing sources and their advisors.
         11.6 Within fifteen (15) days of receipt by Receiving Party of a
written request from the Disclosing Party for the return of Confidential
Information, all Disclosing Party's Confidential Information and all copies
thereof in Receiving Party's possession or control shall be returned to
Disclosing Party or destroyed by Receiving Party at Disclosing Party's
instruction. Receiving Party shall then certify the same in writing and that no
copies have been retained by Receiving Party, its employees, agents or
contractors.
         11.7 Each party acknowledges that unauthorized disclosure or use of the
Confidential Information may cause irreparable harm to the other party for which
recovery of money damages would be inadequate, and the other party shall
therefore be entitled to seek timely injunctive relief to protect its rights
under this Section 11, in addition to any and all other remedies available at
law or in equity.
         11.8 The terms and conditions of this Agreement will be deemed to be
the Confidential Information of each party and will not be disclosed without the
written consent of the other party.
12.      WARRANTY.
         12.1 General. Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a)
such party has the full corporate right, power, and authority to enter into this
Agreement and perform the acts required of it hereunder, (b) the execution of
this Agreement by such party, and the performance
                                       10
by such party of its obligations and duties hereunder, do not and will not
violate any agreement to which such party is a party or by which it is bound,
(c) when executed and delivered by such party, this Agreement will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such
party in accordance with its terms and (d) such party will perform its
obligations hereunder in compliance with applicable law and regulations.
         12.2 eDiets Warranties. eDiets hereby represents and warrants to and
for the benefit of Women.com and its Affiliates that:
              (a) the eDiets Content may be used by Women.com as permitted by
this Agreement without violating or infringing the rights of any person or
entity, including, without limitation, rights of privacy or publicity,
contractual rights, copyright, trademark, or other Intellectual Property rights;
              (b) publication of the eDiets Content by Women.com as permitted by
this Agreement will not constitute defamation, product disparagement or trade
libel;
              (c) the use of the eDiets Marks by Women.com as permitted by this
Agreement will not infringe or violate the trademark, service mark or trade
dress rights of any Person; and
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000(d) during the Term of this Agreement, the pages of the eDiets
Site to which the Gateway Page provides links shall operate in accordance with
the specifications set forth on Exhibit D.
         For the purposes of this Agreement, "Affiliate" shall mean another
entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
party; provided, however, that such entity is not a human being. For purposes of
this definition, the terms "controls," "is controlled by," or "is under common
control with," refer to the power to direct the policies and day-to-day
operations of an entity, whether by virtue of ownership of a voting securities,
contract, or otherwise.
         12.3 Women.com Warranties. Women.com hereby represents and warrants to
and for the benefit of eDiets and its Affiliates that:
              (e) that the Women.com Content, except to the extent of any eDiets
Content incorporated therein, used in connection with this Agreement does not
and will not violate or infringe the rights of any person or entity, including,
without limitation, rights of privacy or publicity, contractual rights,
copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights;
              (f) that publication of the Women.com Content will not constitute
defamation, product disparagement or trade libel;
                                       11
              (g) that the use of the Women.com Marks by eDiets as permitted by
this Agreement will not infringe or violate the trademark, service mark or trade
dress rights of any person or entity.
         12.4 Sole Remedy. Each party agrees that the sole and exclusive remedy
for a breach of the warranties set forth in this Section 12 shall be the
indemnification set forth in Section 13 below.
         12.5 EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY
WARRANTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE REGARDING SUCH SUBJECT MATTER. NEITHER PARTY WARRANTS
THAT ITS WEB SITE(S) OR THE CENTER WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR THAT
THEY ARE ERROR FREE. To the extent that a party may not, as a matter of
applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty, the scope and duration of such
warranty shall be the minimum permitted under such law.
13.      INDEMNIFICATION.
         13.1 Breach of Warranty. Subject to Section 13.3  [Indemnification Requirements and Procedures] , eDiets and Women.com
each agree to indemnify, defend and forever hold the other party, its present
and former Affiliates, officers, members, stockholders, directors, employees,
and agents, and successors and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnitees")
harmless from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, costs,
damages, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, fines, forfeitures,
reasonable attorneys' fees, disbursements and administrative or court costs)
(collectively, "Indemnifiable Sums") that the other party may incur as a result
of third party claims arising from circumstances that constitute a breach or
alleged breach of such party's warranties set forth in Section 12 or otherwise
explicitly set forth in this Agreement.
         13.2 Products, Services and Content.
              (a) Women.com Liability. Subject to Section 13.3  [Indemnification Requirements and Procedures] , Women.com agrees
to indemnify, defend and forever hold harmless the eDiets Indemnitees from and
against all Indemnifiable Sums arising out of third party claims to the extent
such claims are based upon: (a) content published on the Women.com Sites, other
than eDiets Content; (b) the operation of the Women.com membership program; or
(c) any product or service, other than a product or service provided by eDiets,
sold, licensed or otherwise made available on the Women.com Sites.
              (b) eDiets Liability. Subject to Section 13.3  [Indemnification Requirements and Procedures] , eDiets agrees to
indemnify, defend and forever hold harmless the Women.com Indemnitees from and
against all Indemnifiable Sums arising out of third party claims to the extent
such claims are based upon: (a) content published on the eDiets Sites, other
than Women.com Content; (b) tools used on or in connection with the eDiets Site,
including, but not limited to the Diet Tool; (c) the operation of the eDiets
membership program; (d) any product or service sold, licensed or otherwise made
                                       12
available on any eDiets Site; or (e) any product or service sold, licensed or
made available by eDiets on the Diet Center.
         13.3 Indemnification Requirements and Procedures. Each party's
obligation to indemnify the other pursuant to this Section 13, is predicated
upon the indemnified party's (i) giving prompt written notice of any
indemnifiable claim to the indemnifying party (provided that failure to give
such notice shall not release the indemnifying party from its obligations
hereunder except to the extent it is prejudiced thereby), (ii) giving the
indemnifying party the opportunity to assume (by written notice to the
Indemnitee) control over the defense and settlement of such claim, and (iii)
providing, at the indemnifying party's expense, all relevant information,
assistance and authority to enable to the indemnifying party to defend such
claim. Each party, as Indemnitee, may participate, at its own cost, in the
defense of any indemnifiable claim with counsel of its own choosing. Each party
agrees not to settle any indemnifiable claim without the prior written consent
of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/200013.4 Limitations on Indemnification. Notwithstanding the terms of
Sections 13.1  [Breach of Warranty]  and 13.2  [Products, Services and Content] , an indemnifying party shall have no liability for, nor
shall it indemnify, defend or hold any Indemnitee harmless from or against any
claim based on: (a) use of old, superseded content or Marks if such infringement
would have been avoided by the use of the current version of such content or
replacement Marks made available by the indemnifying party to the other party;
(b) use of content or Marks not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
(c) any modification of the indemnifying party's content or Marks not made or
explicitly authorized by the indemnifying party if, in the absence of such
modification, the content or Marks would not be infringing; or (d) a claimed act
of infringement or misappropriation which act occurred after the other party
received notice of such potential claim.
14.      LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 11 OR BREACHES
OF ANY LICENSE GRANT SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY
BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR
OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW, OR SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY FOR
DAMAGES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INAPPLICABLE TO EACH PARTY'S
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 2.6
AND 13.
15.      GENERAL.
         15.1 Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement, in whole or
in part, without the other party's written consent (which will not be
unreasonably delayed or withheld), except that no such consent will be required
in connection with an assignment or transfer of this Agreement to (a) a party's
successor in connection with a Change in Control of such party, provided that
such successor is not a competitor of the other party, or (b) to any entity that
is
                                       13
controlled by, under common control with, or controls a party. For purposes
hereof, the terms "control", "controlled by" or "under common control with"
refer to the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Any attempt to assign
this Agreement other than as permitted above will be null and void. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and
their respective successors and assigns. For purposes of this Agreement, "Change
in Control" means a merger or consolidation of the party with, or any sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of such party to, any other person,
corporation or entity, unless as a result of such merger, consolidation or sale
of assets the holders of such party's voting securities prior thereto hold at
least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting
securities of the surviving or successor corporation after such transaction.
         15.2 Jurisdiction and Venue. The parties agree that all lawsuits
arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be brought in the state or
federal courts located in the state of California, San Francisco County, and
each party hereby referred consents to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of
such courts for such purpose.
         15.3 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements
made, entered into and performed entirely in California by California residents,
notwithstanding the actual residence of the parties, without giving effect to
any choice of laws of California that would require the application of the laws
of a state other than California.
         15.4 Notice. Any notice under this Agreement will be in writing and
delivered by personal delivery, express courier, confirmed facsimile, confirmed
e-mail or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and will be
deemed given upon personal delivery, one (1) day after deposit with express
courier, upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile or e-mail or five (5) days
after deposit in the mail. Notices will be sent to a party at its address set
forth below or such other address as that party may specify in writing pursuant
to this Section.
         15.5 No Agency. The parties are independent contractors and will have
no power or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility on
behalf of each other. This Agreement will not be construed to create or imply
any partnership, agency or joint venture.
         15.6 Force Majeure. Any delay in or failure of performance by either
party under this Agreement will not be considered a breach of this Agreement and
will be excused to the extent caused by any occurrence beyond the reasonable
control of such party including, but not limited to, acts of God, power outages
and governmental restrictions.
         15.7 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement are held to be unenforceable, the remaining portions of the Agreement
will remain in full force and effect.
         15.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof,
superseding that certain Letter of
                                       14
Intent dated April 3, 2000, and any other agreements and communications (both
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000written and oral) regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may only be
modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by both
parties.
WOMEN.COM NETWORKS, INC.                  EDIETS.COM, INC.
By:  /S/ Bud Ward                         By: /S/ David R. Humble
Name: Bus Ward                            Name: David R. Humble
Title: Vice President Eastern Ad Sales    Title: CEO and Chairman
1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 150             3467 West Hillsboro Boulevard, Suite 2
San Mateo, CA 94404                       Deerfield Beach, FL  33442
Voice: (650) 378-6500                     Voice: (954) 360-9022
Fax:   (650) 378-6599                     Fax:   (954) 360-9095
                                       15
                                    EXHIBIT A
                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]
                                      A-1
                                    EXHIBIT B
DIET CENTER LOGO
eDiets will have the following Channel and Subchannel Center Logo Placements
(1)      Health Channel Home Page and Two Sub Channels of Choice
http://www.women.com/health/
2 Sub Channels:
Health News http://www.prevention.com/healing/
Condition & Ailments http://www.prevention.com/healing/cond_ail/
         Estimated Impressions per month- 160,000
         Estimated Impressions for Year 1- 1,920,000
         Estimated Impressions for Year 2- 1,920,000
         Total Estimated Impressions: 3,840,000
                                       OR
(2)      Food Channel Home Page and Two Sub Channels of Choice
http://food.homearts.com/food/
2 Sub Channels:
Restaurants http://food.homearts.com/food/restaura/00rest17.htm
Food For Thought http://food.homearts.com/food/thoughts/00thou17.htm
Estimated Impressions Per month- 300,000
         Estimated Impressions for Year 1- 3,600,000
         Estimated Impressions for Year 2- 3,600,000
         Total Estimated impressions: 7,200,000
(3)      Fitness Channel Home Page and Two Sub Channels of Choice
http://www.women.com/fitness/
2 Sub Channels
Weight Loss http://www.prevention.com/weight/getstart.html
Fitness News http://www.prevention.com/weight/
         Estimated Impressions per month- 60,000 (before re-launch)
         Estimated Impressions for Year 1- 720,000
         Estimated Impressions for Year 2- 720,000
         Total Estimated impressions: 1,440,000
                                      B-1
Upon committing to this partnership, eDiets will receive a two-week banner
advertisement test in rotation across the channels set forth above in order to
determine the most suitable fixed placements for the eDiets center logos. This
test will consist of a total of 100,000 impressions, 20,000 per channel. Given
that expectations for banner advertisement performance are not necessarily
equivalent to that of a fixed center logo, eDiets understands and acknowledges
that the results will be considered directional in nature and not used to
determine ultimate performance of the eDiets center logos placed in the channels
selected by eDiets.
The parties may agree at a later date to add other channels to the above list of
channels. In any event, eDiets may select from only three channels.
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000PROMOTION OF DIET CENTER ON WOMEN.COM SITES
Relevant Feature Content Sponsorships
Women.com will provide eDiets with a fixed top and 125x365 side banner on eight
(8) of the content features set forth below.
eDiets may select up to eight (8) of the content features set forth below:
(1) Fat to Firm at 40+ (Estimated Impressions per Month- 7,000)
http://www.prevention.com/weight/fattofirm/
(2) Nutrition News - If you make one change to your diet, what would it be?
(This is an Expert piece) (Estimated Impressions per Month- 10,000)
http://www.prevention.com/cooking/news/
(3) 71 Weight Loss Tips (Estimated Impressions per Month- 100,000)
http://www.prevention.com/report/980610/
(4) Weight Loss Program - Working Out (Estimated Impressions per Month- 15,000)
http://www.healthyideas.com/weight/workout.html
(5) 45 Best and Worst Belly Flatteners (pull down menu to select scenarios with
exercise tips) (Estimated Impressions per Month- 7,000)
http://www.healthyideas.com/report/bellyflat/
(6) 8 Ways to Make Weight lifting fun (Estimated Impressions per Month- 16,000)
http://www.prevention.com/weight/buzz/
(7) Gym Shorts (Q&A Michelle Staten, Fitness Editor, Prevention) (Estimated
Impressions per Month- 10,000) http://www.prevention.com/weight/gym/
(8) Calorie Calculator (Tool) (Estimated Impressions per Month- 20,000)
http://www.prevention.com/weight/bonfire/
(9) Weight Loss Program: Success Stories (Estimated Impressions per Month-
17,000)
                                      B-2
www.prevention.com/weight/success.html
(10) Weight Quiz: What will you Weigh one Year from now? (Quiz) (Estimated
Impressions per Month- 39,000) www.prevention.com/weight/what_will_you/
(11) Weight Loss Program Planner (Tool) (Estimated Impressions per Month-
50,000) www.prevention.com/weight/planner/
(12) A Choice of one top level sponsorship in the newly launched Fitness Channel
scheduled for 3Q, 2000
eDiets.com will have the first right to substitute any of the following content
features for any of the eight (8) content features selected above once inventory
on such features becomes available. When the following content features become
available, eDiets.com has the choice to switch sponsorships and not add to their
overall sponsorships.
(1) Weight Loss Program: Finding Support (Available 6/30/01) (Estimated
    Impressions per Month- 2,000) www.prevention.com/weight/support.html
(2) Weight Loss Program: Eating Well (Available 6/30/01) (Estimated Impressions
    per Month- 2,000) www.prevention.com/weight/eatwell.html
(3) Weight Loss Program: Getting Started (Available 6/30/01) (Estimated
    Impressions per Month- 7,000) www.prevention.com/weight/getstart.html
ROS advertisement rotation on Women.com Sites
The Following Advertising Impressions will include these campaign elements:
         -All Sponsorships
         -Targeted Banner Rotations (Targeted rotation includes Fitness,
         Entertainment, Wedding, Health, Fashion & Beauty, Food Channels,
         Redbook, Cosmopolitan, Prevention, Good Housekeeping, eHarlequin and
         Home and
         Garden and other relevant areas as they become available)
         -ROS
Per Year
         o  Impressions Guaranteed per month:           3,750,000
         o  Total Advertising Impressions Guaranteed:   45,000,000
         (of which shall not include the top 468x60 nor the 120x240 banner
         located on the Gateway page of the Diet Center) 60% ROS and 40%
         Targeted and Sponsorship elements
                                      B-3
         o Ad banners on the Diet Center will be co-branded with the Women.com
           and eDiets logos
Women.com Special Membership Integration Opportunities:
Women.com will provide eDiets with one (1) membership offer opportunity to
Women.com users who have registered for membership on the Women.com Sites per
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000quarter after the Effective Date. These member offers will be promoted via
membership newsletters as listed below, on the Membership Menu Page
(http://women.com/membership/central.html) and on the Promotion Page
(http://women.com/promotions/). The member offer provided by eDiets can not run
anywhere other than Women.com for one month prior to or one month after the
member promotion period without Women.com's written consent
eDiets shall offer in any membership offer provided pursuant to this Agreement a
minimum discount of 20% on the fair market value of any products or services.
Placement within Women.com Newsletters:
eDiets.com will have the opportunity to participate within the following
newsletters, the placement, frequency and timing of such participation to be
determined by Women.com in its sole discretion provided that Women.com uses its
best efforts not to place reference to eDiets on the same page as content which
may appear to be contrary to the basic foundation of the eDiets' philosophy.
During the Term, eDiets.com will be guaranteed 12 million circulation per year
from and after the Effective Date via newsletters, including but not limited to:
     >>  Fashion & Beauty Newsletter: 300,000 subscribers per month
     >>  Food News: 180,000 subscribers per month
     >>  Prevention: 1,600,000 subscribers per month
     >>  Internet Scopes:  2,400,000 subscribers per month
     >>  Sex & Romance: 120,000 subscribers per month
     >>  What's New: 1,100,000 subscribers per month
     >>  Women.com Member Newsletter: 1,700,000 subscribers per month
Guaranteed Circulation Per Year:            12,000,000
Anchor Tenancy Sponsorship of the Women.com Promotions/ Sweepstakes:
Women.com will provide eDiets.com with three (3) Anchor Sponsorships and two (2)
Premier Sponsorships of the following Women.com promotions.
The "Anchor Sponsorship" includes the following elements:
o Grand prize sweepstakes opportunity
o Exclusive sponsorship of an editorial feature showcased within the promotion
o Availability to ask two (2) demographic or brand research questions
o Full database of names collected from the sweepstakes (estimated 30,000 to
  60,000 names), the use of which is subject to all applicable Women.com privacy
  policy.
o Network wide promotion of the sweepstakes, the placement, size, frequency and
  timing of such promotions to be determined by Women.com in its sole
  discretion.
                                      B-4
Included in a "Premier Sponsorship" are all of the following elements:
o 1/st/ place sweepstakes opportunity
o Co-sponsorship of an editorial feature showcased within the promotion
o Full database of names collected from the sweepstakes (30,000 to 60,000 names)
o Network wide promotion of the sweepstakes, the placement, size, frequency and
  timing of such promotions to be determined by Women.com in its sole
  discretion.
Available Promotions for Participation:
o Wedding Promotion  (Year 2000)
o Holiday Survival Guide (Year 2000)
o Resolutions Promotion (Year 2001)
o Valentine's Day Promotion (Year 2001)
o Mother's Day Promotion (Year 2001)
Total estimated impressions per promotion:           1,000,000
Women.com E Commerce Elements:
Sports/Fitness Diet Center Homepage:
http://www.women.com/shopping/webstoreguide/sports/
o Rotating "Featured Partner" Ad Button on the side of the page
All Sub Categories:
o Rotating "Featured Partner" Ad Button on the side of the page
o Affiliate text link placement within all sub-sub categories
- New category creation at a minimum of 3 weeks from receipt of all coded links,
  descriptions and images have been received from client. Note: if category
  requires the participation of more than one client, it will not be created
  until all material has been received from all participants.
Impression Break-Out Per Year:
Advertising Impressions:                          Estimated           Guaranteed
    -Sponsorships and Targeted Rotations:         18,000,000
    -ROS                                          27,000,000
Total Guaranteed Advertising Impressions:                             45,000,000
QUARTERY IMPRESSION  GUARANTEED                                       11,250,000
Diet Center, Channel & SubChannel
Impressions:                                      Estimated           Guaranteed
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000"eDiets Diet Center" logo impressions:           30,000,000
                                      B-5
 "eDiets Diet Center" logo impressions:                               13,000,000
Other Campaign Impressions:                       Estimated           Guaranteed
Newsletters                                                           12,000,000
Promotions                                        500,000
Added Value Commerce Impressions:                 3,600,000
Total Estimated Impressions:                      79,100,000
Total Impressions Guaranteed:                                         70,000,000
                                      B-6
                                    EXHIBIT C
                                PAYMENT SCHEDULE
Pricing/Delivery: PRICING AS PART OF THIS PACKAGE ONLY
Flight:                             2 Year Deal
Net Advertising CPM:                $37.00 (Just Co-Branded Banners)
Overall Net CPM                     $28.57 (With all other elements)
Total Net Cost:                     $2,000,000 (Per Year)/$4,000,000 (Two Years)
Total Guaranteed Impressions:       70,000,000 (Per Year)/140,000,000 (TwoYears)
YEAR 1
10 days after Effective Date-Production                                 $250,000
Last day of each of the 1st through 12/th/ months
  after the Launch Date                                                 $145,833
                  Media Component                                       $138,750
                  Other (Promotions, production, etc)                     $7,083
YEAR 2
Last day of each of 13/th/ through 24/th/ months
  after the Launch Date                                                 $166,666
                  Media Component                                       $138,750
                  Other (Promotions, production)                      $27,916.66
Total Payment to Women.com                                            $4,000,000
                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]
                                      C-1
                                    EXHIBIT D
GENERAL ADVERTISING & PRODUCTION GUIDELINES
The following are the Women.com advertising and production guidelines. Any
exceptions to these guidelines require prior written approval of Women.com.
All impressions per section are estimated; however, Women.com shall extend every
reasonable effort to deliver the estimated number of impressions per section as
set forth in Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women.com does guarantee
a minimum of 13,000,000 impressions promoting eDiets per year on the Diet
Center.
BANNER CREATIVE & STANDARDS
All campaigns must submit 468x60, 234x60, and 125x365 creative units.
1.    ACCEPTED BANNER SIZES
   o  234x60 half-banner (8k or less)
   o  468x60 banner (10k or less)
   o  125x365 sponsorship (12K or less)
   o  125x125 promo (8K or less; reserved for marketing and co-branded tagged
      tune-ins with management approval)
2.    BANNER CREATIVE FORMATS ACCEPTED
   o  GIF (animated and non-animated)
   o  JPEG
   o  HTML
   o  JAVASCRIPT
3.    THE FOLLOWING ADDITIONAL FORMATS CAN POTENTIALLY BE USED BUT REQUIRE
      ADDITIONAL PRODUCTION AND TESTING TIME TO ENSURE NETWORK COMPATIBILITY:
   o  JAVA
   o  ENLIVEN
   o  UNICAST
   o  FLASH
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/2000Please check with ad production regarding other formats.
                                       D-1
PRODUCTION LEAD TIME AND "SHIP TO" INFO
Lead Times
The following lead times should be considered standard. Additionally, more
extensive campaigns/sponsorships and/or incorporating new technologies may take
longer.
o Banner campaigns require 5 business days from the time all advertiser
  materials/instructions are received.
o Creative rotation changes/refreshes require 3 business days from the time all
  advertiser materials/instructions are received.
"Ship To" Info
All creative should be sent to ads@women.com.
ADVERTISING/LINKS - CATEGORIES NOT ACCEPTED
The following categories of advertising or links to such material are not
accepted on Women.com:
  o Tobacco
  o Controlled substances
  o Liquor
  o Firearms
  o Gambling
  o Sexually explicit advertising and/or advertising that is degrading.
  o Women.com, specifically Prevention on-line (Healthy Ideas) cannot accept
    advertising that promotes: 1) a product deemed defective or unsafe by the
    FDA, 2) a product, therapy or service whose possible harm to the consumer
    outweighs it benefits, and 3) a health product for which there is no good
    evidence of benefit and no good reason to believe there is a benefit.
THIRD PARTY AD SERVING
Women.com accepts third party ad serving. However, third party serving relies on
the third party's servers being fully operational. If Women.com determines that
the servers are unreliable, the banners must be served from Women.com's site
until such time the third party servers are fully operational. Also note that
Women.com cannot track click-thrus in its NetGravity reports for rich media
banners that are served remotely.
Women.com must be notified in writing regarding the product categorizations of
all creative rotations as well as any revisions, in order to maintain proper
placement and competitive separation. Any changes made to creative rotations
without prior notification to Women.com may result in the interruption or
temporary discontinuation of ad delivery until all ad placements and competitive
separation issues can be resolved.
NETWORK DESIGN CONFIGURATION
                                      D-2
Women.com reserves the right to make design and configuration changes to all
pages and features within the network. Women.com shall notify its advertisers of
any changes that significantly impacts ad placements.
                                      D-3
Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB, 10/30/20001
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2
Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for
confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations
under the Securities Exchange Act. Omitted information, marked "[***]" in this
exhibit, has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission together
with such request for confidential treatment.
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                  This CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of
this November 14, 2000 by and between Dassault Systemes, a societe anonyme
organized under the laws of France and the owner of Purchaser ("Dassault
Systemes") and/or certain affiliates of Dassault Systemes, and PlanetCAD Inc.
(formerly known as Spatial Technology Inc.), a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware ("PlanetCAD") (each a "Party," together, the
"Parties").
                                   WITNESSETH:
                  WHEREAS, PlanetCAD, SPATIAL COMPONENTS, LLC and DASSAULT
SYSTEMS CORP. entered into a certain Purchase Agreement, dated July 4, 2000
("Purchase Agreement"), pursuant to which DASSAULT SYSTEMES CORP. acquired the
Component Business (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) from PlanetCAD and
SPATIAL COMPONENTS, LLC, including certain software; and
                  WHEREAS, PlanetCAD has created, operates and maintains its own
Web sites, including, without limitation 3Dshare.com and PlanetCAD.com, through
which PlanetCAD provides Internet-based services to its customers, and has
competence and expertise in the supply of Internet-based services to customers.
                  WHEREAS, as a condition to closing the transaction
contemplated under the Purchase Agreement, the Parties hereto agreed to enter
into this Agreement for the co-branding of 3Dshare.com.
                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and
covenants set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as
follows:
                                    SECTION 1
                                   DEFINITIONS
                  All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have
the same meanings set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement.
                                       1
   2
                  1.1 "Affiliate(s)" shall mean, with respect to any specified
Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled
by, or is under common Control with such Person.
                  1.2 "Billing Party" means the party responsible for all
billing and collection matters associated with the Co-Branded Service.
                  1.3 "CBD Software" shall mean the following computer software
programs, whichever packaging and naming, in the version and release that is
commercially available at the Effective Date, as well as corrections,
enhancements and modifications of the CBD Software delivered in the maintenance
services provided under the Cross-License Agreement executed contemporaneously
by the Parties: ACIS (R) 3D Toolkit, ACIS (R), Advanced Blending Husk, ACIS(R)
Advanced Rendering Husk, ACIS(R) Local Operations Husk, ACIS(R) Shelling Husk,
ACIS(R) Precise Hidden Line Husk, ACIS(R) Mesh Surface Husk, ACIS(R) Space
Warping Husk, ACIS(R) Advanced Surfacing Husk, ACIS(R) Cellular Topology Husk,
Spatial Deformable Modeler, ACIS(R) Deformable Modeling Husk, JetScream(TM),
ACIS(R) JetScream Husk, ACIS (R) RevEnge Husk (MetroCad), ACIS(R) AEC Husk,
IVSDK, ACIS(R) Open Viewer and Plug-ins, Large Model Viewer, 3D Building
Blox(TM), SAT(R) (ACIS File Format).
                  1.4 "CNDA" means the Confidential and Non-Disclosure Agreement
among, inter alia, PlanetCAD and Dassault Systemes executed contemporaneously
herewith.
                  1.5 "Co-Branded Service" means the service to be developed
under this Agreement, including Enhancements, which will be offered to Dassault
Systemes Customers via the Dassault Systemes Web site(s) and will contain
translation and healing application services substantially similar to those
currently offered and sold on the PlanetCAD Web site(s) as of the Effective Date
under the product name 3Dshare.com, and based upon the CBD Software.
                  1.6 "Control" means, with respect to the relationship between
or among two or more Persons, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, as trustee or executor, by contract or otherwise, including, without
limitation, the ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities having the
power to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governing
the affairs of such Person; provided that neither PlanetCAD nor shall be deemed
to be controlled by any other Person or under common control with any Person
that is not one of their respective subsidiaries.
                  1.7 "Dassault Systemes" shall mean the entity that is a party
to this Agreement and each of its Affiliates.
                  1.8 "Dassault Systemes Customer(s)" means any customer of the
Co-Branded Service having accessed such Web service, wherever hosted, by first
logging in on any Dassault Systemes Web site.
                  1.9 "Dassault Systemes Customer Database(s)" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.1  [DASSAULT SYSTEMES CUSTOMER DATABASES] .
                                       2
   3
                  1.10 "Dassault Systemes Personnel" means employees, officers,
agents, independent contractors and subcontractors of Dassault Systemes.
                  1.11 "Dassault Systemes Web sites" means any Web site created,
owned, operated or supported by or for Dassault Systemes.
                  1.12 "Effective Date" means November 14, 2000.
                  1.13 "Enhancements" mean without limitation, compilations,
modifications, adaptations, improvements, bug fixes, corrections, versions,
design changes, revisions, upgrades, updates, and new versions with respect to
the Co-Branded Services during the Term of this Agreement.
                  1.14 "Hardware Infrastructure" means all hardware equipment,
materials, products and facilities that may be necessary at any time to operate
the Software Infrastructure to the Co-Branded Service.
                  1.15 "Infrastructure" means the "Software Infrastructure" and
the "Hardware Infrastructure."
                  1.16 "Initial Term" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 10.1  [Term].
                  1.17 "Know-How" shall mean all residual information of a
non-tangible form, which is not protected by the United States or European Union
laws of copyright, patent or trade secrets and which may be retained by a party
who has had access to confidential and proprietary information of the other
party, including ideas, concepts or techniques contained therein.
                  1.18 "Launch Date" shall mean the date of first log in of a
Dassault Systemes Customer for the Co-Branded Service.
                  1.19 "Marks" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4  [Use of Marks].
                  1.20 "Net Revenue" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.5  [Net Revenue Defined] .
                  1.21 "Non-Billing Party" means the party who is not the
Billing Party.
                  1.22 "Person" means any individual or legal entity, including
without limitation, partnership, corporation, association, trust or
unincorporated organization.
                  1.23 "PlanetCAD Personnel" means employees, officers, agents,
independent contractors and subcontractors of PlanetCAD.
                  1.24 "PlanetCAD Web sites" means 3dshare.com, PlanetCAD.com
and any other Web site created, owned, operated or supported by or for
PlanetCAD.
                  1.25 "Revenue Report" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.6  [Reporting and Payment Obligations] .
                                       3
   4
                  1.26 "Software" means any computer software program, including
programming-code, on-line documentation, if any, user interface related thereto
or associated therewith, to the extent that such user interface does exist, and
related user and installation documentation other than on-line documentation
associated with this computer software program.
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/20011.27 "Server Software" means all software, including without
limitation, Web interface, Web middleware, Web dynamic content billing, Web
content generation software, and any Derivative Works thereof that is used by
PlanetCAD to provide services on the Co-Branded Service. The list of all such
Software as of the Effective Date is attached in Schedule A which will be
updated by PlanetCAD when reasonably requested by Dassault Systemes and when in
PlanetCAD's determination significant changes have been made.
                  1.28 "Software Infrastructure" means the software
configuration and environment necessary to perform, supply and support the
Co-Branded Service including any Third Party Software.
                  1.29 "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1  [Term].
                  1.30 "Third Party Software" means computer software programs
owned by a party other than PlanetCAD or Dassault Systemes and incorporated
into, or required for the development, operation and/or support of any Web
service governed by this Agreement and the Infrastructure associated therewith.
                                    SECTION 2
                                 SUBJECT MATTER
                  2.1 Engagement. Dassault Systemes and PlanetCAD agree to
cooperate to develop and bring to their customers the Co-Branded Service under
the terms and conditions set forth below.
                                    SECTION 3
                         OWNERSHIP AND LICENSING RIGHTS
                  3.1 Ownership by PlanetCAD. All right, title and interest in
and to: (i) the Server Software and (ii) the service known as of the Effective
Date as 3Dshare.com and its Enhancements shall be owned by PlanetCAD.
                  3.2 Ownership by Dassault Systemes. All right, title and
interest in and to the CBD Software and its Enhancements shall be owned by
Dassault Systemes.
                  3.3 Limited Hosting License. PlanetCAD hereby grants to
Dassault Systemes a fully-paid, non-exclusive, worldwide, revocable limited
license to the Server Software and Infrastructure for the sole purpose of (i)
hosting the Co-Branded Service and (ii) fulfilling its
                                       4
   5
obligations under this Agreement. The license granted pursuant to this Section
3.3  [Limited Hosting License]  shall be deemed to be automatically revoked upon termination of this
Agreement. Within 2 weeks following execution of this Agreement, PlanetCAD will
provide Dassault Systemes with the necessary media and licensing keys or similar
authorization system (if any) to use such Server Software and Infrastructure
according to the above license.
                  3.4 Use of Marks. Prior to commercialization of the Co-Branded
Service the parties shall agree on the use and placement of all Dassault
Systemes and PlanetCAD logos, trade names, trademarks, service marks, and
similar identifying material (collectively referred to as "Marks") on the
Co-Branded Service. Any usage of a party's Marks on the Co-Branded Service
including without limitation size, placement, font and style of such Marks will
be subject to such party's prior written approval. On or before the Launch Date,
each party shall grant the other party a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
revocable right to use their approved Marks, for the sole purpose of
advertising, marketing, promotion and sale of the Co-Branded Service. In
connection with such license each party agrees not to use the other party's
Marks in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays such party in
a negative light. Each party retains all right, title and interest, in and to
its Marks. Upon termination of this Agreement the right in either party to use
the other party's Marks shall automatically terminate.
                  3.5 Know-How. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
any and all rights to Know-How developed or shared under this Agreement by
either party shall be jointly owned by the parties and may be used by either
party in the operation of their respective businesses during and following
termination of this Agreement.
                                    SECTION 4
            DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE
                  4.1 Review of Co-Branded Site. Immediately prior to the Launch
Date, each party shall have an opportunity to review the content and
presentation of the Web pages relating to the Co-Branded Service and shall have
the right to request reasonable changes to any aspect of the Co-Branded Service,
including without limitation, the look and feel of the Web pages.
                  4.2 Appointment of Liaison. As soon as practicable after the
Effective Date, each party shall appoint a project manager to act as a liaison
to oversee and ensure compliance of the respective obligations of the parties
hereunder.
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/20014.3 Access to the Co-Branded Service by Dassault Systemes
Customers. During the Term of this Agreement, the Co-Branded Service will be
accessible from any Dassault Systemes Web site(s), as determined by Dassault
Systemes in its sole discretion, on a fully transparent basis by way of a direct
link to the first Web page of the Co-Branded Service. Upon exiting the
Co-Branded Service, the Dassault Systemes Customers will be automatically
returned to the Dassault Systemes Web site. PlanetCAD shall, with consultation
and input from Dassault Systemes, perform all services necessary for the
implementation of such link between the Dassault Systemes Web site and the
Co-Branded Service.
                  4.4 Co-Branding Designations. The Co-Branded Service will be
designated as such by use of both party's Marks on the Co-Branded Service, and
inclusion of wording such as
                                       5
   6
"powered by PlanetCAD" on all Web pages, associated with the Co-Branded Service.
The placement, text, font and size of the wording shall be mutually agreed upon
by the parties.
                  4.5 Hosting and Customer Support Obligations of the Parties.
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties: (i) PlanetCAD will host the Co-Branded
Service at its facilities and shall be responsible for providing the
Infrastructure necessary to operate such service; (ii) the party responsible for
hosting the Co-Branded Service shall be responsible for all customer billing as
set forth in Section 5.1  [Customer Billing]  herein; (iii) Dassault Systemes will provide first
level customer support; (iv) PlanetCAD will provide second level customer
support, and (v) PlanetCAD shall be responsible for all updates and Enhancements
of the Co-Branded Service. PlanetCAD shall not charge Dassault Systemes any
hosting fee for the Co-Branded Service.
                  4.6 Software Support and Maintenance Obligations of the
Parties. For the Term of this Agreement the parties shall cooperate to perform
maintenance and support services on their respective software included on and
necessary to the operation of the Co-Branded Service. The description of
maintenance and support obligations is set forth in the Maintenance and Support
Services Schedule, attached hereto as Schedule B and incorporated herein by
reference.
                  4.7 Change of Hosting. At any time during the Term of this
Agreement, Dassault Systemes may, at its discretion, decide to host the
Co-Branded Service, or have it hosted by any third party of its choice, by
sending ninety days written notice to that effect to PlanetCAD. In such event,
PlanetCAD agrees to: (i) provide to Dassault Systemes a current and updated list
of equipment, materials, products and facilities composing the Hardware
Infrastructure, and (ii) provide reasonable cooperation with Dassault Systemes
in seamlessly transitioning the Co-Branded Service to Dassault Systemes
equipment or to the equipment of its subcontractors or Affiliates.
                                    SECTION 5
                CUSTOMER BILLING, PAYMENT TERMS AND AUDIT RIGHTS
                  5.1 Customer Billing. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties
and subject to the reporting and revenue sharing obligations set forth in this
Section 5, the party responsible for hosting shall be the Billing Party.
                  5.2 Pricing of the Co-Branded Service. Prior to the Launch
Date, the parties shall agree on which currencies and list prices shall apply to
the Co-Branded Service. If, for whatever reason, the parties fail to agree on a
price to be applied, the price applied to the Co-Branded Service shall be equal
to the then current list price for such services as offered on the PlanetCAD Web
site(s). If, for whatever reason, the parties fail to agree on a currency to be
applied, the Billing Party will be entitled to choose a currency, as long as
such currency easily converts into US dollars and the Billing Party shall pay to
the other party its share of revenue in US dollars, based on the average
exchange rate of that currency against US dollars during the last 3 months
preceding the date of payment to the other party.
                  5.3 Taxes. The Billing Party may deduct and withhold from any
payments due to the other party under this Agreement any and all taxes and other
amounts as required
                                       6
   7
under the laws of any jurisdiction that has the authority to tax the Billing
Party, the other party or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
However, should the Billing Party consider withholding payment or paying any
such amount from payments due under this Agreement, the Billing Party shall send
in advance to the other party a certificate setting forth the regulatory and/or
legal framework for such a payment, including the provisions of the
international tax treaty allowing such payment. The other party will have 30
days from the reception of such information to accept or refuse such
payment/withholding:
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001(i)  If the other party accepts or does not answer within this time frame,
          the Billing Party will be entitled to make such payment/withholding
          and shall provide the other party with a certificate stating the
          amounts withheld and the jurisdictions to which such amounts were
          remitted.
     (ii) If the other party provides to the Billing Party a certificate stating
          that (a) the Billing Party has no withholding/payment obligations with
          respect to the laws of such particular jurisdiction and setting forth
          the relevant authority for such statement and/or (b) that such a
          payment may be avoided under any applicable law or treaty and provide
          with the necessary documentation for that purpose, and if the Billing
          Party then determines that it has no such withholding obligation under
          the laws of such jurisdiction, the Billing Party shall make any future
          payments to the other party without deduction for the items set forth
          in the certificate, until such time as the Billing Party reasonably
          believes that it has a withholding obligation.
Either Party shall pay any applicable sales or value added tax on the payments
due.
                  5.4 Share of Net Revenue. As financial consideration under
this Agreement, Net Revenue will be shared by the parties as follows:
                  (a)   For so long as PlanetCAD hosts the Co-Branded Service,
                        during which time PlanetCAD shall be the Billing Party,
                        all Net Revenue derived from sales of the Co-Branded
                        Service to Dassault Systemes Customers shall be
                        apportioned [***] percent ([***]%) to Dassault Systems
                        and [***] percent ([***]%) to PlanetCAD.
                  (b)   In the event that Dassault Systemes opts to host the
                        Co-Branded Service pursuant to Section 4.7  [Change of Hosting]  herein they
                        shall become the Billing Party and all Net Revenue
                        derived from sales of the Co-Branded Service shall be
                        apportioned [***] percent ([***]%) to Dassault Systems
                        and [***] percent ([***]%) to PlanetCAD.
                  5.5 Net Revenue Defined. Net Revenue shall consist of all
revenues recognized by the Billing Party derived from supply of the Co-Branded
Service, including the price paid by the customers, less any applicable
discounts and net of any commissions or fees paid to third party resellers, to
obtain access to the Co-Branded Service and any other fees and charges invoiced
by the Billing Party to the customers, without deduction by such party of any
other costs or expenses related to achievement of the revenue, provided,
however, that Net
                                       7
   8
Revenue shall be reduced by the amount, if any, of (i) value-added taxes, (ii)
sales taxes or (iii) withholding taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on payments
made by a payor in such jurisdiction to a payee outside of such jurisdiction.
                  5.6 Reporting and Payment Obligations. Within 7 Business Days
after the end of each calendar quarter, the Billing Party shall provide the
other party with an itemized statement, subject to adjustment within 30 days of
receipt of such statement, setting forth the Net Revenue achieved over the
preceding calendar quarter, and shall include such other information as may be
mutually agreed upon by the parties (the "Revenue Report"). The Revenue Report
shall be accompanied by payment to the Non-Billing Party of all amounts owed as
set forth on such Revenue Report, as well as - when applicable - the exchange
currency rate. When agreed between the parties as provided for in Section 5.2  [Pricing of the Co-Branded Service] ,
payment will be made to the Non-Billing Party in the currency received by the
Billing Party for the provision of the Co-Branded Service. Otherwise, payment
shall be made in US dollars as provided for in Section 5.2  [Pricing of the Co-Branded Service] . In the event that
the Billing Party is unable under foreign currency export controls or similar
applicable laws, unknown to the parties at the time where they agree on payments
in that currency, to provide payment to the Non-Billing Party in the currency
received by the Billing Party the parties agree to negotiate a mutually
agreeable solution. A party's right to payment shall accrue upon the date the
corresponding revenues accrue to the Billing Party. The parties shall pay
interest for late payment of any sum due at the LIBOR rate plus four points (not
to exceed the maximum rate authorized, or be inferior to the minimum rate
allowed, by applicable law, as the case may be).
                  5.7 Records - Audit. The Billing Party shall, for two years
following each transaction relating to the Co-Branded Service, keep true and
accurate records and books of account of such transaction containing all
particulars which may be necessary for the purpose of auditing payments to the
Non-Billing Party under this Agreement. During such two-year period, and upon
reasonable notice to the Billing Party, the Non-Billing Party shall have the
right to have an audit conducted through a licensed independent accounting firm,
of any billings, collections, and taxes on such itemized statement, and to
examine the records and books of account of the Billing Party in connection
therewith. The Billing Party will bear the costs of such audit if a discrepancy
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001or error of computation in an amount greater than $10,000 in favor of the
Non-Billing Party is identified. Any audit conducted pursuant to this Section
5.7  [Records -] shall not be conducted in such a manner as to unreasonably interfere with
the Non-Billing Party's operations and in no event shall an audit be conducted
more frequently than once each year.
                                       8
   9
                                   SECTION 6
                      DASSAULT SYSTEMES CUSTOMER DATABASES
                  6.1 PlanetCAD's obligation to maintain and update Dassault
Systemes Customer Databases. For as long as PlanetCAD hosts the Co-Branded
Service, PlanetCAD will maintain and continuously update Dassault Systemes'
Customer Database(s), which shall include without limitation, databases of
Dassault Systemes Customers, of demands from and results of Web services
supplied to Dassault Systemes Customers and associated Net Revenue and of data
collected via the Customer Relations Management ("CRM") environment. The
Dassault Systemes Customer Databases must be held separately from any other
databases held or maintained by PlanetCAD. If not held separately, the Dassault
Systemes Customer Databases must be clearly identified and sorted out as the
property of Dassault Systemes and the provisions regarding PlanetCAD's limited
right of use and its obligation of confidentiality as set forth below apply
without change.
                  6.2 Ownership of Dassault Systemes Customer Databases.
Dassault Systemes will be deemed the maker of the Dassault Systemes Customer
Databases and the owner of any and all right, title and interest in and to the
Dassault Systemes Customer Databases and their content, wherever hosted.
                  At all times during the Term of this Agreement, Dassault
Systemes will have unrestricted access to and use of the Dassault Systemes
Customer Databases, and the content therein.
                  At all times during the Term of this Agreement, and as long as
the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases are hosted by PlanetCAD, PlanetCAD
benefits from a limited right to use the assault Systemes Customer Databases
for the exclusive purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement.
                  6.3 Transfer of Dassault Systemes Customer Databases. Upon
discontinuation of hosting of the Co-Branded Service, PlanetCAD will transfer to
Dassault Systemes the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases upon Dassault
Systemes' request. PlanetCAD will have no right, license or interest whatsoever
in the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases or content therein, except to the
extent necessary for performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
                  6.4 Warranty of Confidentiality of Dassault Systemes Customer
Databases and Input and Output Data of Dassault Systemes Customers. The parties
expressly agree that the Dassault Systemes Customer Databases and their content
as well as Dassault Systemes Customers input data to be processed and output
data supplied, are confidential information of Dassault Systemes, and will be
treated as such, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CNDA.
                                       9
   10
                                    SECTION 7
                            COMPETITIVE RESTRICTIONS
                  7.1 Restrictions on PlanetCAD.
                  (a) During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of one
year thereafter, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, PlanetCAD shall
not market any services to Customers without the prior written approval of
Dassault Systemes.
                  (b) During the Term of this Agreement, PlanetCAD shall be
permitted to market new functions and services relating to the Co-Branded
Service directly to Dassault Systemes Customers with Dassault Systemes prior
written approval, but only to the extent such functions and services are offered
by PlanetCAD on the PlanetCAD Web site(s).
                  (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, PlanetCAD may market new
functions and services on the PlanetCAD Web sites to customers that are Dassault
Systemes Customers, without the consent of Dassault Systemes, provided PlanetCAD
(i) obtained the contact information of such customer from an independent source
unrelated to the parties to this Agreement and can provide evidence as to the
independent source of the name and e-mail address of such customer, and (ii) did
not use the data contained in the Dassault Systemes Customer Database(s).
                  7.2 Restrictions on Dassault Systemes. Except as contemplated
under this Agreement, during the two year period following the Effective Date,
Dassault Systemes shall not commercially offer any web service, which is (i)
based upon the ACIS-based software transferred to Dassault Systemes in
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001connection with the Purchase Agreement and (ii) similar to the Co-Branded
Service.
                  7.3 Non-Exclusive Services Agreement. It is agreed and
acknowledged by the parties that this Agreement is not an exclusive services
agreement and except for the restrictions set forth in this Section nothing
herein shall prohibit Dassault Systemes, PlanetCAD or any of their affiliates
from developing or supplying, whether directly or indirectly, web services
substantially identical to those described herein.
                                    SECTION 8
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                  8.1 Mutual Representations. Each party represents and warrants
to the other party as follows:
                  (a) The performance of this Agreement does not infringe or
conflict with any Intellectual Property right of any third party, and (ii) no
confidential, proprietary or trade secret information of either party or their
personnel that will be used in performing this Agreement has been
misappropriated from any third party; and
                                       10
   11
                  (b) All services, work, obligations or assignments performed
by either party under this Agreement will be of professional quality, conforming
to generally accepted practices within the industry, and the Infrastructure
including Third Party Software  shall function and perform to the specifications
and requirements thereof.
                  8.2 Hosting Representations and Warranties of PlanetCAD. For
so long as PlanetCAD is hosting the Co-Branded Service, PlanetCAD shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the services provided on the site
are equivalent in functionality and performance to the applications run on the
PlanetCAD Web sites and of good quality according to generally accepted
practices within the industry.
                  8.3 Disclaimer. THIS IS AN AGREEMENT SOLELY FOR SERVICES, AND
THERE SHALL BE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS STATED HEREIN.
                                    SECTION 9
                    INDEMNITIES AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
                  9.1 Dassault Systemes Indemnification. Dassault Systemes shall
indemnify and hold harmless PlanetCAD, and its officers, directors, employees,
and shareholders from and against any claims, demands, suits, causes of action,
losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) arising out of or related to any breach of Dassault Systemes'
representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement.
                  9.2 PlanetCAD Indemnification. PlanetCAD shall indemnify and
hold harmless Dassault Systemes, its affiliates, and their respective officers,
directors, employees, and shareholders from and against any claims, demands,
suits, causes of action, losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any breach
of PlanetCAD's representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement.
                  9.3 Intellectual Property Infringement.Each Party agrees to
hold the other Party, its subsidiaries and distributors and assignees harmless
from and against any claim of any nature, including, but not limited to,
administrative, civil or criminal procedures, which is or may be made or raised
against this Party, its subsidiaries and distributors and assignees by any third
party that the use or distribution of the Software or any other intellectual
property that is the subject of this Agreement and owned or licensed by this
Party, infringes or violates any third party's patent, copyright, trade secret
or other intellectual property right in any country. Indemnification hereunder
shall cover all damages, regardless of their nature, settlements, expenses and
costs, including costs of investigation, court costs and attorneys' fees. The
payment of any indemnification shall be contingent on:
     (a)  This Party giving prompt written notice to the other of any such claim
          or allegation;
     (b)  Cooperation by this Party with the other Party in its defense against
          the claim; and
                                       11
   12
     (c)  This Party obtaining the other's prior written approval of any
          settlement, if any, by this Party of such matters, such approval not
          to be unreasonably withheld.
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001Neither Party shall have the obligation to indemnify the other
for any claims of infringement based on any modification by the latest version
of its Software, or from the combination of its Software with any other program
to the extent such claim would not have arisen without such combination or from
use of the unmodified Software or intellectual property.
                  If the operation of any Software that is the subject of this
Agreement becomes, or is likely to become, the subject of a claim involving the
infringement or other violation of any patent, copyright, trade secret, or other
intellectual property rights of any third party, the Parties will jointly
determine in good faith what appropriate steps are to be taken by them, with a
view towards curing such infringement or other violation, at the Software
owner's sole charge. Such steps may include, but are not limited to:
     (i)  The owner securing the right to continue using its Software, or
     (ii) The owner replacing or modifying its Software so that it becomes
          non-infringing.
                  If no other option is reasonably available, the owner of the
Software agrees to use its best efforts to withdraw, at its sole expense, the
infringing Software from the market.
                  In the event a Derivative Work, created under this Agreement,
becomes the subject of a claim of infringement, the owner of said Derivative
Work shall indemnify the other Party pursuant to this Section 9.
                  9.4 LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING
FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement] , IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR
EXPENSES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF
GOODWILL, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR
DAMAGE.
                  EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM SECTION 9.3  [Intellectual Property Infringement] , IN NO EVENT
SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE
AMOUNT THAT SUCH PARTY HAS EARNED PURSUANT TO THE REVENUE SHARING PROVISIONS OF
SECTION 5.4  [Share of Net Revenue]  IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM.
                                   SECTION 10
                              TERM AND TERMINATION
                  10.1 Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the
Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date
(the "Initial Term") unless earlier
                                       12
   13
terminated in accordance with this Section (the "Term"). The Agreement shall
automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated
by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current
term.
                  10.2 Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any
time in the event that the other party is in default or breach of any material
provision of this Agreement, and such default or breach continues unremedied for
a period of sixty days after written notice thereof. In addition to the right to
terminate this Agreement, the non-breaching party, shall have all rights and
remedies available at law and in equity.
                  10.3 Failure of Negotiations After Initial Term. The revenue
sharing obligations set forth in Section 5.4  [Share of Net Revenue]  shall be subject to re-negotiation
at the end of the Initial Term. The parties agree to negotiate in good faith,
however, in the event they are unable to agree to satisfactory terms, this
Agreement shall terminate six months from the date on which the parties make a
conclusive determination that satisfactory terms could not be reached.
                                   SECTION 11
                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                  11.1 Confidentiality. All communications and information
disclosed by one party to the other party under this Agreement shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of the CNDA.
                  11.2 Freedom of Action. Except as otherwise provided, nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or impair any right of
either party to enter into similar agreements with other parties, or to develop,
acquire, license or market, directly or indirectly, other products or services,
competitive with those offered by the other party.
                  11.3 Additional Instruments. Notwithstanding termination of
this Agreement, the parties covenant and agree to execute and deliver any
additional instruments or documents necessary to carry out the general intent of
this Agreement, including without limitation patent assignments or any other
assignments necessary to evidence the ownership of intellectual property
contemplated hereby or any such additional instruments or documents, including
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001such instruments as may be required by the laws of any jurisdiction, now or in
effect or hereinafter enacted, that may affect a party's rights, title or
interest, as applicable, in and to any of the software governed hereby.
                                       13
   14
                  11.4 Irreparable Injury. Each party acknowledges and agrees
that each covenant in this Agreement pertaining to confidential information and
ownership of intellectual property is reasonable and necessary to protect and
preserve the rights of the other party in its confidential information and
intellectual property, and that any breach by such party of the terms of this
Agreement may result in irreparable injury to the other party. Each party,
therefore, subject to a claim of laches, estoppel, acquiescence or other delay
in seeking relief, consents and agrees that the other party shall be entitled to
seek and obtain a temporary restraining order and a permanent injunction to
prevent a breach or contemplated breach of this Agreement and waives any
requirement that the other party post a bond in connection with seeking such
injunctive relief.
                  11.5 Relationship of the Parties. PlanetCAD and Dassault
Systemes are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create
any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or
employment relationship between the parties. Neither party has the authority to
act as agent for the other party or to conduct business in the name of such
other party or make statements, warranties or representations that exceed or are
inconsistent with the warranties provided hereunder.
                  11.6 Notices. All notices required or permitted shall be given
in writing, in the English language, and shall be deemed effectively delivered
upon personal delivery or three days after deposit with a carrier by registered
mail or other equivalent service, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,
addressed as follows, or to such other address as either party may designate to
the other:
                                       14
   15
                           In the case of PlanetCAD :
                                            PlanetCAD Inc.
                                            2520 55th Street, Suite 200
                                            Boulder, Colorado 80301
                                            Attn. Office of the President
                           In the case of Dassault Systemes:
                                            Dassault Systemes
                                            9 Quai Marcel Dassault
                                            92150 Suresnes
                                            Attn. Thibault De Tersant
                                            cc: Law Department
                  11.7 Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
                  11.8 Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is deemed invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law
or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner
materially adverse to any party.
                  11.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the
Schedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and
undertakings, both written and oral, between and PlanetCAD with respect to the
subject matter hereof.
                  11.10 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified
except by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, duly authorized
representatives of Dassault Systemes and PlanetCAD.
                                       15
   16
                  11.11 Applicable Law, Venue. This Agreement shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York,
applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001state. This Agreement shall not be governed by the U.N. Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods. The parties hereto hereby (a) submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the
State of Delaware, The City of Wilmington for the purpose of any Action arising
out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto, and (b) agree,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to waive, and not to assert
by way of motion, defense, or otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that is
not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its
property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action is
brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or
that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by any of the above-named courts.
                  11.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.
                  11.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
                  11.14 No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any
provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right to
subsequently enforce such provision, or any other provision of this Agreement.
                  11.15 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be held liable for
any failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement for as long
as, and to the extent that such failure is due to an event of force majeure. An
event of force majeure shall include general strikes, lockouts, acts of God,
acts of war, mobilization of troops, fire, extreme weather, flood, or other
natural calamity, embargo, acts of governmental agency, government or any other
laws or regulations.
                  11.16 Expenses. Except as expressly provided for in this
Agreement, each party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement, including without limitation travel and living expenses incurred
by that party's employees.
                  11.17 Assignment; Subcontracting; Third Party Beneficiaries.
                  (a) This Agreement may be assigned or otherwise transferred,
by operation of law or otherwise without the express written consent of
PlanetCAD and Dassault Systemes, but in such event the assigning Party shall
give notice to the non-assigning Party and the non-assigning Party shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement within the 30-day period following receipt
of such notice.
                                       16
   17
                  (b) Either party may assign or otherwise transfer all or part
of this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, and for as long as it remains an
Affiliate; provided that no such assignment shall relieve a party of any of its
obligations under this Agreement. In the event there is a change of Control of
an Affiliate which terminates its status as an Affiliate of the party to this
Agreement, and this Agreement has been assigned to such an Affiliate, this
Agreement must be assigned back to the party within 6 months of the effective
date of the change of Control.
                  (c) Either Party may subcontract services necessary to perform
the obligations set forth in this Agreement provided that any and all such
subcontractors shall have entered into agreements with the subcontracting Party
sufficient to enable that Party to comply with all terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
                  (d) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, subcontractor or
transferee, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall
confer upon any other person, including, without limitation, any union or any
employee or former employee of either party, any legal or equitable right,
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, any
rights of employment for any specified period, under or by reason of this
Agreement.
                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has caused its duly authorized
representative to execute this Agreement effective the day and year first above
written.
                                              
PlanetCAD Inc.                                   Dassault Systemes
/s/ R. Bruce Morgan                              /s/ Thibault de Tersant
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001---------------                                  -------------------
Its: Chief Executive Officer                     Its: Executive Vice President
Name: R. Bruce Morgan                            Name: Thibault de Tersant
                                       17
Source: RAND WORLDWIDE INC, 8-K/A, 4/2/2001Exhibit 10.4
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement") dated September 30, 1999 (the
"Effective Date") is entered into between VerticalNet, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation having a principal place of business at 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100,
Horsham, Pennsylvania, PA 19044 ("VerticalNet"), and PaperExchange.com, LLC , a
Delaware limited liability company having a principal place of business at 545
Boylston Street, 8th Floor, Boston, MA 02116 ("PaperExchange"). In consideration
of the mutual covenants herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties agree as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS
      1.1. Affiliate shall mean, when used with reference to a party, any
individual or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such party. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of a party, or the right to control the policy decisions of such
party.
      1.2. Career Center Net Revenue shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 7.1.1  [Co-Branded Career Center] .
      1.3. Co-Branded Career Center shall mean the "Career Center" portion of
Pulp and Paper Online located at:
http://www.pulpandpaperonline.com/Content/CareerCenter/Home/JobScan_Home.asp (or
a successor Site thereto).
      1.4. Co-Branded Equipment Listings shall mean the "Auctions" portion of
Pulp and Paper Online located at:
http://www2.pulpandpaperonline.com/content/auctions/home.asp (or a successor
Site thereto).
      1.5. Co-Branded Sites shall mean the Co-Branded Career Center and the
Co-Branded Equipment Listings.
      1.6. Co-Branded URLs shall mean the mutually agreed-upon URLs which shall
be registered jointly by VerticalNet and PaperExchange and shall route users
through to the Co-Branded Sites.
      1.7. Confidential Information shall mean all proprietary and confidential
information of a party, including, without limitation, trade secrets, technical
information, business information, sales information, customer and potential
customer lists and identities, product sales plans, sublicense agreements,
inventions, developments, discoveries, software, know-how, methods, techniques,
formulae, data, processes and other trade secrets and proprietary ideas, whether
or not protectable under patent, trademark, copyright or other areas of law,
that the other party has access to or receives, but does not include information
that (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of receiving party;
(b) was already known to the receiving party at the time it was disclosed to the
receiving party, as evidenced by written records of the receiving party; (c) is
independently developed by employees of the receiving party who had no knowledge
of or
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission.
access to such information, as evidenced by written records of the receiving
party; or (d) is received from a third party who is under no obligation of
confidentiality to the disclosing party.
      1.8. Equipment Listings Net Revenue shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 7.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings] .
      1.9. Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to
the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant
to Section 8.
      1.10. Intellectual Property shall mean any and all trade secrets, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, URLs, trade dress, brand features, know-how and similar
rights of any type under the laws of any applicable governmental authority,
including, without limitation, all applications and registrations relating to
any of the foregoing.
      1.11. Intellectual Property Rights shall mean all rights in and to
Intellectual Property.
      1.12. Link shall mean a link (including, but not limited to, a hyperlink,
button or banner) that connects two Sites in a manner so that when a user clicks
on the link, the user is transferred directly from one Site to a second Site. A
"Link from Site A to Site B" indicates that Site A is the Site of origin and
Site B is the Site to which the user is linked.
      1.13. Net Advertising Revenue shall mean the gross amount billed to an
advertiser for the sale of advertising on the Third Party Advertising Allocation
on the PaperExchange Site, less (a) credits for claims, allowances, retroactive
price reductions or returned goods, and (b) sales, excise, use, value-added and
other similar taxes (excluding income taxes) actually paid, if applicable.
      1.14. Packaging Online shall mean the Site located at
www.packagingonline.com (or a successor Site thereto).
      1.15. PaperExchange Career Content shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 2.2  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER AND CO-BRANDED ...] .
      1.16. PaperExchange Competitor shall mean any exchange, auction or reverse
auction for the sale, purchase and/or exchange of pulp, paper and paper
packaging.
      1.17. PaperExchange Equipment Content shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 2.2  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER AND CO-BRANDED ...] .
      1.18. PaperExchange Deliverable shall mean any good, service or other item
to be delivered or made available by PaperExchange.
      1.19. PaperExchange Home Page shall mean the home page located at the
PaperExchange Site.
      1.20. PaperExchange Link shall mean a Link that contains a PaperExchange
Mark and will take users of other Sites to the PaperExchange Home Page.
                                       2
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/20001.21. PaperExchange Mark shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade
name, domain name, design or logo of PaperExchange.
      1.22. PaperExchange Revenue shall mean the gross revenue received by
PaperExchange from Transaction Fees less (a) credits for claims, allowances,
retroactive price reductions or returned goods, and (b) sales, excise, use,
value-added and other similar taxes (excluding income taxes) actually paid.
      1.23. PaperExchange Site shall mean the Site located at
www.PaperExchange.com (or a successor Site thereto).
      1.24. Pulp and Paper Online shall mean the Site located at
www.pulpandpaperonline.com (or a successor Site thereto).
      1.25. Pulp and Paper Online Competitor shall mean any online vertical
community portal for professionals in the pulp and paper industry (other than
Pulp and Paper Online and PaperExchange).
      1.26. Renewal Term shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.1  [Automatic Renewal] .
      1.27. Site shall mean an Internet World Wide Web site.
      1.28. Storefront shall mean a Site contained in (and linked to) a
VerticalNet Site that, among other things, provides information regarding an
advertiser and the advertiser's products and/or services, links a visitor to the
advertiser's website, and/or generates sales leads for the advertiser from
interested visitors, but does not include direct e-commerce fulfillment, such as
catalog sales.
      1.29. Term shall mean the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.
      1.30. Third Party Advertising Allocation shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 4.1  [Advertisements on the PaperExchange Site] .
      1.31. Transaction Fees shall mean the fees received by PaperExchange from
third parties in consideration for facilitating the purchase and/or sale of pulp
and/or paper through the PaperExchange Site.
      1.32. VerticalNet Archived Content shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 3.2  [VERTICALNET CONTENT] .
      1.33. VerticalNet Content shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.1  [VERTICALNET CONTENT] .
      1.34. VerticalNet Deliverable shall mean any good, service or other item
to be delivered or made available by VerticalNet.
      1.35. VerticalNet Link shall mean a Link that contains a VerticalNet Mark
and will take users of other Sites to a page of Pulp and Paper Online.
                                       3
      1.36. VerticalNet Mark shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,
domain name, design or logo of VerticalNet.
2. CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER AND CO-BRANDED EQUIPMENT LISTINGS
      2.1. No later than seven days after the Effective Date, VerticalNet shall,
at VerticalNet's sole cost and expense, design, develop and implement the
Co-Branded Sites with the overall "look and feel" agreed upon by VerticalNet and
PaperExchange, as shown in Exhibit A. After the Co-Branded Sites are
implemented, VerticalNet shall notify PaperExchange in writing at least five
days prior to making any material change to a Co-Branded Site, including,
without limitation, a change in the location, sizing or placement of the
PaperExchange Links. If PaperExchange does not notify VerticalNet of its
rejection of such change within five days, PaperExchange shall be deemed to have
approved such change. VerticalNet shall design, host and maintain the Co-Branded
Sites at its sole cost and expense. Within 30 days after the Effective Date,
VerticalNet and PaperExchange shall agree upon the Co-Branded URLs. The parties
shall register the Co-Branded URLs reasonably promptly after the parties have
agreed upon them.
      2.2. From time to time, PaperExchange shall provide to VerticalNet, at
PaperExchange's sole cost and expense, relevant content provided to it by third
parties consisting of (a) job listings for inclusion, at VerticalNet's
reasonable business discretion and at VerticalNet's then current listing rate,
in the Co-Branded Career Center  or on any other VerticalNet Site except a Site
co-branded with a PaperExchange Competitor  (the "PaperExchange Career Content ")
and (b) equipment listings for inclusion, at VerticalNet's reasonable business
discretion and at VerticalNet's then current listing rate, in the Co-Branded
Equipment Listings or on any other VerticalNet Site except a Site co-branded
with a PaperExchange Competitor  (the "PaperExchange Equipment Content ", and
together with the PaperExchange Career Content , the "PaperExchange Content").
PaperExchange shall not provide such PaperExchange Content to VerticalNet until
the third party placing the listing has agreed to VerticalNet's then current
terms and conditions, subject to final approval by VerticalNet. PaperExchange
shall provide the PaperExchange Content in the form of the templates attached
hereto as Exhibits B and C. Any listings placed on the Co-Branded Sites (or
other VerticalNet Site as permitted in this Section 2.2  [CO-BRANDED CAREER CENTER AND CO-BRANDED ...] ) by a user that entered
the Co-Branded Site or permitted VerticalNet Site, as applicable, from a
PaperExchange Site or from a Link to Pulp and Paper Online  jointly placed by
VerticalNet and PaperExchange, or placed solely by PaperExchange, on a third
party's Site shall be treated as "PaperExchange Content" for all purposes of
this Agreement. VerticalNet shall be responsible for, and shall have sole
control of, all credit, billing and collection in connection with the
PaperExchange Content. PaperExchange shall have no authority to make collections
on behalf of VerticalNet.
      2.3. PaperExchange hereby grants VerticalNet an exclusive license to use,
modify, enhance, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the PaperExchange
Content, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions
of this Agreement. VerticalNet shall not disclose, transfer or otherwise provide
the PaperExchange Content to any third party, including, but not limited to, any
PaperExchange Competitor , except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement.
                                       4
      2.4. PaperExchange shall, at PaperExchange's sole cost and expense, place
Links on the PaperExchange Home Page  labeled "Career Center" and "Equipment
Listings" (or mutually agreeable substitutes for such terms) in a mutually
agreeable location and size that will directly transfer users to the Co-Branded
Sites.
      2.5. VerticalNet, in its reasonable business discretion, shall market the
Co-Branded Sites on Pulp and Paper Online , at pulp and paper industry trade
shows, in its print advertisement campaigns and through its sales force. Such
marketing activities shall be at VerticalNet's sole cost and expense.
      2.6. PaperExchange, in its reasonable business discretion, shall market
the Co-Branded Sites on the PaperExchange Home Page , at pulp and paper industry
trade shows, in its print advertisement campaigns and through its sales force.
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000Such marketing activities shall be at PaperExchange's sole cost and expense.
      2.7. VerticalNet will provide, install, repair, maintain and pay for the
communications, computer and peripheral equipment, services and facilities
supporting the Co-Branded Sites. VerticalNet shall maintain the Co-Branded Sites
in a high quality and professional manner consistent with its maintenance of
other VerticalNet Sites. VerticalNet and PaperExchange shall be responsible for
the sale of all advertising on the Co-Branded Sites; provided, however, that
neither party shall sell advertising on the Co-Branded Sites to a competitor (as
defined in 1.16 and 1.25) and provided that each party shall submit any proposed
advertising for the Co-Branded Sites to the other party for its prior written
approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.
      2.8. VerticalNet shall be solely responsible for the development,
operation and maintenance of Pulp and Paper Online  and for all materials that
appear on Pulp and Paper Online , except for the PaperExchange Content.
      2.9. PaperExchange shall be solely responsible for the development,
operation and maintenance of the PaperExchange Site and for all materials that
appear on the PaperExchange Site, except for the VerticalNet Content and the
VerticalNet Archived Content .
3. VERTICALNET CONTENT
      3.1. VerticalNet shall provide or make available to PaperExchange, for use
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (a) the full text of all
original content (headlines, feature articles, columns and case studies) created
from time to time by the Managing Editor of Pulp and Paper Online , and (b) the
content created from time to time by guest columnists for Pulp and Paper Online ,
to the extent such columnists have approved the provision of such content by
VerticalNet to PaperExchange. VerticalNet shall provide such content (the
"VerticalNet Content") to PaperExchange twice per week, in two "batches" of the
VerticalNet Content created or acquired since the last provision of VerticalNet
Content by VerticalNet to PaperExchange.
      3.2. VerticalNet hereby grants to PaperExchange a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use, reproduce, display and transmit the VerticalNet
Content, solely in connection with the development, maintenance and operation of
the PaperExchange Site, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions
and provisions of this Agreement. PaperExchange may
                                       5
reproduce, display and transmit any VerticalNet Content for up to three weeks on
the PaperExchange Site, and after the expiration of such three week period
PaperExchange shall cease to reproduce, display and transmit such VerticalNet
Content and remove such VerticalNet Content from the PaperExchange Site.
      3.3. PaperExchange shall place a VerticalNet Link in a mutually agreeable
location and size on each page of the PaperExchange Site that contains all or a
portion of the VerticalNet Content.
      3.4. PaperExchange shall list on a mutually acceptable page of the
PaperExchange Site headlines and abstracts of the VerticalNet Content then
reproduced, displayed and transmitted on the PaperExchange Site. PaperExchange
shall place two VerticalNet Links in mutually agreeable locations and sizes on
such page of the PaperExchange Site, the first of which will take users to the
Buyer's Guide on Pulp and Paper Online , and the second of which will take users
to the Professional e-Bookstore on Pulp and Paper Online . VerticalNet and
PaperExchange shall mutually agree upon the method of implementing such links.
      3.5. PaperExchange shall not remove any titles or any trademark, copyright
or patent notices, or any proprietary or restricted rights notices that appear
on the VerticalNet Content and/or the VerticalNet Archived Content . All such
titles and notices must be reproduced on all permitted copies of the VerticalNet
Content and/or the VerticalNet Archived Content .
      3.6. During the Term, VerticalNet will not disclose, transfer or otherwise
provide the VerticalNet Content and/or the VerticalNet Archived Content  to any
PaperExchange Competitor .
4. ADVERTISING
      4.1. Advertisements on the PaperExchange Site.
            4.1.1. During the Term, VerticalNet shall have the exclusive
right to arrange for the sale of ***** of the third party advertising
inventory (which shall consist of a minimum of one advertisement per page on
each of the "Co-Branded Equipment," "Co-Branded Careers," "Resources" and
"Home Page" sections or successor, replacement or substitute sections) of the
PaperExchange Site and shall be consistent with the amount of advertising on
other business to business vertical sites on the PaperExchange Site (the
"Third Party Advertising Allocation "). PaperExchange shall retain the right
to place advertisements for its own account on the remaining ***** of the
Third Party Advertising Allocation ; provided, however, that if any portion of
such Third Party Advertising Allocation  remains unsold 45 days after it
becomes available for advertising, VerticalNet shall have the exclusive right
to arrange for third party advertising on such unsold Third Party Advertising
Allocation.
            4.1.2. VerticalNet will use reasonable efforts to sell
advertisements on the PaperExchange Site. The advertising policies (including
rates and procedures) applicable to VerticalNet's sale of advertising for the
PaperExchange Site will be mutually agreed upon by VerticalNet and PaperExchange
(the "PaperExchange Advertising Policies"). Any changes to the agreed upon
PaperExchange Advertising Policies shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties.
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission.
                                       6
            4.1.3. VerticalNet shall provide notice to the Director of Online
Marketing of PaperExchange of each advertiser that agrees to place an
advertisement on a PaperExchange Site on the terms and conditions contained in
the then current PaperExchange Advertising Policies. PaperExchange shall then
have three business days after receipt of such notice to (a) accept or reject
such advertiser, in its reasonable business discretion, and (b) notify
VerticalNet of its decision. If, at the end of such three-day period,
PaperExchange has not responded to such notice, PaperExchange shall be deemed to
have accepted such advertiser. PaperExchange shall then work with the advertiser
to facilitate the Placement of the advertisement and maintain such advertisement
on the agreed-upon page of the PaperExchange Site. PaperExchange shall have the
right to terminate its agreement with any such advertiser in its reasonable
business discretion. To the extent an advertisement of equivalent size and
location appears on both Pulp and Paper Online  and the PaperExchange Site, the
parties shall mutually agree upon the CPM, CPC or other use-based advertising
rates, which rate shall be identical for such advertisements. PaperExchange
shall be responsible for, and shall have sole control of, all credit, billing
and collection with the advertisements on the PaperExchange Site. VerticalNet
shall have no authority to make collections on behalf of PaperExchange.
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/20004.2. Sales Leads. PaperExchange will, in its sole discretion, request that
its Board of Directors and veteran industry sales force use reasonable efforts
to provide pulp and paper industry specific sales strategies and specific sales
leads to VerticalNet. Such strategies and leads shall include segments of the
industry that are currently lacking effective advertising solutions, and how
such industry participants could be marketed to by VerticalNet for the purposes
of this Section 4. VerticalNet may only use the information provided to them
pursuant to this Section 4.2  [Sales Leads] in connection with its performance under this
Section 4.
      4.3. Non-Competition.
            4.3.1. During the Term, VerticalNet shall not (a) act as an
advertising agent or representative for any PaperExchange Competitor  and (b)
place any advertisements on Pulp and Paper Online  from any PaperExchange
Competitor.
            4.3.2. During the Term, PaperExchange shall not place any
advertisements on the PaperExchange Site from any Pulp and Paper Online
Competitor.
5. CO-MARKETING ACTIVITIES
      5.1. Trade Shows and Conventions.
            5.1.1. During the Term, PaperExchange shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to expand its presence at major national and international
pulp and paper industry trade shows and conventions, including booth
exhibitions, attendance by industry veteran sales force from all the major paper
grades and industry panel sponsorships, when available. PaperExchange, in its
reasonable business discretion, shall actively engage in co-branded activities
with VerticalNet at PaperExchange's booth exhibitions and shall maintain an open
invitation policy for VerticalNet to send its own sales force to co-locate,
subject to Section 5.1.3  [Trade Shows and Conventions] , with PaperExchange at its trade show booths.
            5.1.2. VerticalNet, in its reasonable business discretion, shall
offer PaperExchange
                                       7
exhibit booth space at pulp and paper industry trade shows that VerticalNet is
unable to use on the same terms that VerticalNet accepted for such space.
            5.1.3. When VerticalNet and PaperExchange are both attending pulp
and paper industry trade shows, VerticalNet and PaperExchange shall work
together to share costs of such trade shows and related material.
      5.2. Sales Force Visits. PaperExchange shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to (a) expand its sales force presence on a national and international
basis, in all major paper grades and (b) commit its sales force to promote Pulp
and Paper Online through "on-the-ground" activities including site visits to
mills, converters, printers and brokers.
      5.3. Advertising Campaigns.
            5.3.1. PaperExchange shall, in its reasonable business discretion,
promote the PaperExchange Site through print medium.
            5.3.2. VerticalNet shall, in its reasonable business discretion,
promote Pulp and Paper Online  through print medium.
            5.3.3. VerticalNet and PaperExchange shall co-promote the
PaperExchange Home Page  and Pulp and Paper Online  in mutually agreeable
advertising and collateral marketing material. All co-promotion advertising
materials produced by or on behalf of either party (the "Originating Party")
shall be subject to the written approval of the other party (the "Receiving
Party"), which approval shall not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned. The Receiving Party shall notify the Originating Party of its
approval or disapproval of such advertising materials as soon as practicable,
but in any event within five business days after Receiving Party's receipt
thereof. Any failure of the Receiving Party to respond within such five business
day period shall be deemed disapproval of the advertising materials in question.
      5.4. Pulp and Paper Online Promotion. PaperExchange shall place the
VerticalNet Links in a mutually agreeable location and size on the PaperExchange
Site as soon as practicable and in no event more than 15 days after the
Effective Date. The VerticalNet Links shall remain on the PaperExchange Site
during the Term.
      5.5. PaperExchange Home Page Promotion. VerticalNet shall place the
PaperExchange Links on Pulp and Paper Online  in a mutually agreeable location
and size as soon as practicable and in no event more than 15 days after the
Effective Date. The PaperExchange Links shall remain on Pulp and Paper Online
during the Term.
      5.6. Newsletter. VerticalNet shall include a PaperExchange Link in a
mutually agreeable location and size in the Pulp and Paper Online  weekly online
newsletter sent to VerticalNet's newsletter database.
      5.7. Discussion Groups. VerticalNet, in its reasonable business
discretion, shall provide to PaperExchange co-sponsorship opportunities for
discussion groups and USENET forums.
      5.8. Non-Competition.
                                       8
            5.8.1. During the Term and for a period of four years after the
termination of this Agreement, VerticalNet shall not, directly or indirectly, by
itself, through its Affiliates or through any type of joint venture or similar
affiliation with a third party, without prior written approval from
PaperExchange, buy, sell or trade (a) paper pulp products through exchanges,
auctions, or reverse auctions or any other e-commerce medium, (b) paper (other
than finished paper-based products, including, but not limited to, books, stamps
and labels) and copy paper (i) through exchanges, auctions or reverse auctions
or (ii) in quantities greater than one ton through any e-commerce medium, (c)
raw materials used to make paper packaging, including, but not limited to,
linerboard, medium, other containerboard grades and corrugated sheet through
exchanges, auctions, reverse auctions or any other e-commerce medium, or (d)
paper rolls and reels weighing more than 50 pounds used by printers through
exchanges, auctions, reverse auctions or any other e-commerce medium; provided,
however, that this Section 5.8.1  [Non-Competition] shall not apply to advertisements, Storefronts
or similar features on VerticalNet's Sites.
            5.8.2. During the Term, VerticalNet will not, directly or
indirectly, design, host, operate, maintain or otherwise participate in a
co-branded career center or a co-branded equipment listing Site with a
PaperExchange Competitor  or license a VerticalNet Link for use or display on any
PaperExchange Competitor 's Site.
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/20005.8.3. During the Term, PaperExchange will not, directly or
indirectly, design, host, operate, maintain or otherwise participate in a
co-branded career center or a co-branded equipment listing Site with a Pulp and
Paper Online Competitor or license a PaperExchange Link for use or display on
any Pulp and Paper Online Competitor 's Site.
      5.9. Exchange.
            5.9.1. PaperExchange shall provide to VerticalNet an ID and a
password that will allow VerticalNet to access the "Exchange" portion of the
PaperExchange Site. PaperExchange shall provide reasonable training to
VerticalNet with respect to the creation, operation and marketing of such an
exchange.
            5.9.2. PaperExchange will place a VerticalNet Link in a mutually
agreeable location and size on the "Exchange" portion of the PaperExchange Site.
      5.10. Allocation of Resources. During the Term, each of PaperExchange and
VerticalNet agrees to dedicate reasonable financial, marketing and staffing
resources in order to actively promote the activities contemplated by this
Agreement and will use reasonable efforts to maintain the strategic alliance
described in this Agreement (and its focus on the pulp, paper and packaging
industry generally) as a high priority.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
      6.1. Except as set forth in Sections 4.3.1  [Non-Competition] and 5.8  [Non-Competition], nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as preventing VerticalNet from implementing
VerticalNet Links on any other Site.
      6.2. Except as set forth in Sections 4.3  [Non-Competition] or 5.8.3  [Non-Competition], nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as preventing PaperExchange from implementing
PaperExchange Links on any other Site.
                                       9
      6.3. VerticalNet hereby grants to PaperExchange a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to Pulp and Paper
Online through a VerticalNet Link. VerticalNet shall furnish PaperExchange with
a full color representation of each VerticalNet Link at least two days prior to
its scheduled placement on a page of the PaperExchange Site. If VerticalNet
subsequently modifies any VerticalNet Link or the URL associated with such
VerticalNet Link, it shall furnish a representation of same to PaperExchange,
which PaperExchange shall substitute for the prior version within two days after
receipt thereof. VerticalNet shall have final approval over all VerticalNet
Links on the PaperExchange Site.
      6.4. PaperExchange hereby grants VerticalNet a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the PaperExchange
Site through a PaperExchange Link. PaperExchange shall furnish VerticalNet with
a full color representation of each PaperExchange Link at least two days prior
to its scheduled placement on Pulp and Paper Online . If PaperExchange
subsequently modifies any PaperExchange Link or the URL associated with such
PaperExchange Link, it shall furnish a representation of same to VerticalNet,
which VerticalNet shall substitute for the prior version within two days after
receipt thereof. PaperExchange shall have final approval over all PaperExchange
Links on Pulp and Paper Online .
      6.5. Except for the express rights granted to PaperExchange under this
Agreement, PaperExchange acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual Property
of VerticalNet is and shall remain the sole property of VerticalNet and nothing
in this Agreement shall confer in PaperExchange any right of ownership or
license rights in VerticalNet's Intellectual Property . In addition,
PaperExchange shall not now or in the future contest the validity of
VerticalNet's Intellectual Property .
      6.6. Except for the express rights granted to VerticalNet under this
Agreement, VerticalNet acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual Property  of
PaperExchange is and shall remain the sole property of PaperExchange and nothing
in this Agreement shall confer in VerticalNet any right of ownership or license
rights in PaperExchange's Intellectual Property . In addition, VerticalNet shall
not now or in the future contest the validity of PaperExchange's Intellectual
Property.
      6.7. PaperExchange agrees to use the VerticalNet Marks in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and with good trademark practices including, but not
limited to, protecting the value of the goodwill residing in such Intellectual
Property.
      6.8. VerticalNet agrees to use the PaperExchange Marks in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and with good trademark practices including, but not
limited to, protecting the value of the goodwill residing in such Intellectual
Property.
      6.9. Except as set forth in Sections 4.3  [Non-Competition] and 5.8  [Non-Competition], nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as preventing either party from developing other
co-branded versions of its materials, data, information and content.
                                       10
7. COMMERCIAL TERMS
      7.1. Co-Branded Sites.
            7.1.1. Co-Branded Career Center . VerticalNet will pay PaperExchange
***** of the Career Center Net Revenue . ."Career Center Net Revenue " shall mean
the (a) listing fees related to the Co-Branded Career Center  and any other
VerticalNet Site on which the listings are posted, (b) Co-Branded Career Center
e-commerce revenue and (c) other Co-Branded Career Center  revenue, in each case
under the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c), to the extent derived during the
Term from PaperExchange or the PaperExchange Content provided to VerticalNet by
PaperExchange pursuant to this Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed upon
by the parties, less (i) credits for claims, allowances, retroactive price
reductions or returned goods, and (ii) sales, excise, use, value-added and other
similar taxes (excluding income taxes) actually paid.
            7.1.2. Co-Branded Equipment Listings . VerticalNet will pay
PaperExchange ***** of the Equipment Listings Net Revenue . "Equipment Listings
Net Revenue" shall mean the (a) listing fees related to Co-Branded Equipment
Listings and any other VerticalNet Site on which the listings are posted, (b)
Co-Branded Equipment Listings  e-commerce revenue and (c) other Co-Branded
Equipment Listings revenue, in each case under the preceding clauses (a), (b)
and (c), to the extent derived during the Term from PaperExchange or the
PaperExchange Content provided to VerticalNet by PaperExchange pursuant to this
Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties, less (i) credits
for claims, allowances, retroactive price reductions or returned goods, and (ii)
sales, excise, use, value-added and other similar taxes (excluding income taxes)
actually paid.
            7.1.3. Review of Payments. VerticalNet and PaperExchange will
conduct a good faith review of the payments generated under Sections 7.1.1  [Co-Branded Career Center]  and
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/20007.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings]  no later than six months after the Effective Date and may mutually agree,
subject to Section 13.6  [Amendment or Modification] , to amend Sections 7.1.1  [Co-Branded Career Center]  and/or 7.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings]  at that time. If
VerticalNet and PaperExchange are unable to reasonably agree on whether or how
to amend Section 7.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings] , either party shall have the right to immediately
terminate the rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 2 and  7.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings]
with respect to the Co-Branded Equipment Listings  and PaperExchange Equipment
Content; provided, however, that all other rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including the rights and obligations of the parties under Sections
4.3  [Non-Competition] and 5.8  [Non-Competition]) shall continue in full force and effect unless and until terminated
in accordance with Section 8. The parties understand and agree that termination
of the rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 2 and  7.1.2  [Co-Branded Equipment Listings]  in
accordance with this Section 7.1.3  [Review of Payments]  shall not permit either party to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.2  [Termination for Cause] .
            7.1.4. Professional e-Bookstore Sales. VerticalNet will pay
PaperExchange ***** of the gross sales of the Professional e-Bookstore on Pulp
and Paper Online that originated from the PaperExchange Site.
      7.2. Advertising Revenue.
            7.2.1. During the Term, VerticalNet shall not share any revenue
derived from advertisements hosted on Pulp and Paper Online  or any other
VerticalNet Site with PaperExchange; provided, however, that if PaperExchange
brings VerticalNet a Qualified Lead
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission
                                       11
(as defined below) for a new customer that turns into a sale of advertising
on Pulp and Paper. Online or Packaging Online, including, without limitation,
the Co-Branded Sites, VerticalNet shall pay to PaperExchange a commission of
***** of the Net Advertising Revenue  resulting from such sale of advertising,
with the exception that if such advertising is on the Co-branded Career
Center, VerticalNet shall pay PaperExchange a commission of ***** of the Net
Advertising Revenue resulting from such sale of advertising. As used in this
Section 7.2.1  [Advertising Revenue] , a "Qualified Lead" shall mean a customer referred to
VerticalNet by PaperExchange that is not, at the time of referral, a customer
of VerticalNet, and which customer has agreed to place an advertisement on
Pulp and Paper Online  or Packaging Online on the terms and conditions
contained in VerticalNet's then current advertising policies.
            7.2.2. PaperExchange shall pay to VerticalNet a commission of
***** of the Net Advertising Revenue  received during the Term for
advertisements located on the Third Party Advertising Allocation  of the
PaperExchange Site.
            7.2.3. If PaperExchange sells advertising to a third party on the
PaperExchange Site independently from VerticalNet, PaperExchange shall pay to
VerticalNet a commission of ***** of the Net Advertising Revenue  resulting
from such advertising during the Term; provided, however, that if
PaperExchange previously rejected advertising by such party when proposed by
VerticalNet pursuant to Section 4.1  [Advertisements on the PaperExchange Site] , or terminated without cause a prior
agreement with such third party that had resulted from such a proposal by
VerticalNet, then PaperExchange shall pay ***** of the Net Advertising Revenue
resulting from such advertising during the Term to VerticalNet. PaperExchange
shall provide prompt notice to VerticalNet of each advertiser that has agreed
with PaperExchange to place an advertisement on a page of the PaperExchange
Site.
      7.3. Fees. In consideration of VerticalNet's agreement to enter into an
exclusivity and non-competition agreement herein, in conjunction with the other
obligations under this Agreement, PaperExchange shall make the following
payments to VerticalNet upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 1999 and (b) the
receipt by PaperExchange of an aggregate of ***** in additional funding:
            7.3.1. a ***** one-time, non-refundable fee in consideration of
the execution of this Agreement;
            7.3.2. a ***** one-time, non-refundable fee in consideration of
the design, development and implementation of the Co-Branded Career Center  as
described in Section 2; and
            7.3.3. ***** in consideration of the design, development and
implementation of the Co-Branded Equipment Listings Site as described in Section
2.
      7.4. Revenue Sharing. After PaperExchange has generated PaperExchange
Revenue equal to *****, PaperExchange shall pay an amount equal to ***** of
the PaperExchange Revenue  to VerticalNet; provided, however, that if, in any
given calendar year, VerticalNet receives ***** pursuant to this Section 7.4  [Revenue Sharing],
the percentage of PaperExchange Revenue  that PaperExchange shall pay to
VerticalNet for the remainder of such calendar year shall be reduced to
*****; and provided further, however, that if, in any given calendar year,
VerticalNet receives
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission.
                                       12
***** in the aggregate pursuant to this Section 7.4  [Revenue Sharing], the percentage of
PaperExchange Revenue  that PaperExchange shall pay to VerticalNet for the
remainder of such calendar year shall be reduced to *****.
      7.5. Payment Terms. Each party shall provide the other party with all
amounts due under this Agreement for the prior calendar quarter within 30 days
after the end of each calendar quarter during the Term. Each payment shall be
accompanied by a statement detailing the amount of applicable gross revenue
received, the calculation of the amount due to the other party and the amount of
the payment accompanying such statement. All payments due to either party
hereunder shall be made in immediately available U.S. funds, without set-off or
counterclaim, free and clear of (and without deduction for or grossed up for, as
applicable), any taxes, duties, charges, withholdings, restrictions or
conditions of any nature imposed or levied by any governmental taxing or other
authority.
      7.6. Taxes. All payments required under this Agreement are exclusive of
federal, state, local and foreign taxes, duties, tariffs, levies and similar
assessments. When applicable, such taxes shall appear as separate items on a
party's invoice or statement of the other party. Payment of such taxes or
charges shall be the responsibility of the party whose obligation it is under
this Agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxes are assessed,
excluding any taxes based upon the other party's net income. In lieu thereof, a
party shall provide the other party with a tax or levy exemption certificate
acceptable to the taxing or levying authority.
      7.7. Audits. During the 18-month period following the payment by one party
of any amount due under this Agreement to the other party, the party receiving
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000payment (the "Auditing Party") shall have the right to have an independent third
party (the "Auditor") audit the financial records of the other party (the
"Audited Party") relating to such payment to verify the accuracy of the Audited
Party's financial records in order to verify the amount of the payments owed
and/or paid. The Auditing Party may cause the Auditor to perform such an audit
not more than once in any 12-month period, unless a prior audit within the past
two years revealed that the amount owed by the Audited Party to the Auditing
Party was underpaid in excess of 5% of the amount owed, in which case an audit
may be performed no more frequently than once in any three month period. If the
amount owed by the Audited Party to the Auditing Party was underpaid, the
Audited Party shall pay the additional amount owed and all accrued interest
thereon to the Auditing Party within 15 days of notice of such underpayment to
the Audited Party. If the amount owed by' the Audited Party to the Auditing
Party was underpaid in excess of 10% of the amount owed, the fees of such audit
shall also be paid to the Auditing Party within 15 days of notice of such to the
Audited Party. If the amount owed by the Audited Party to the Auditing Party was
overpaid, the Auditing Party shall return the excess amount paid to the Auditing
Party within 15 days of notice of such underpayment to the Auditing Party. The
Auditing Party shall give reasonable advance written notice to the Audited
Party, and each audit shall be conducted during normal business hours and in a
manner that does not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by
the Audited Party.
      7.8. Interest. All payments not paid by the date such payments are due
shall bear interest from the due date to the date payments are actually paid at
the rate of the lower of (a) 1% per month or (b) the maximum rate permitted by
law.
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission.
                                       13
8. TERM AND TERMINATION
      8.1. Automatic Renewal. This Agreement will automatically renew at the end
of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each,
a "Renewal Term"), unless either party notifies the other at least 30 days prior
to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of
its intention not to renew this Agreement.
      8.2. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement
immediately upon written notice to the other party in the event any material
breach of a material term of this Agreement by such other party that remains
uncured 30 days in the case of a breach of a payment obligation, or 45 days for
all other breaches, after notice of such breach was received by such other
party; provided, however that if such breach is not reasonably capable of cure
within the applicable cure period, the breaching party shall have an additional
180 days to cure such breach so long as the cure is commenced within the
applicable cure period and thereafter is diligently prosecuted to completion as
soon as possible.
      8.3. Upon Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, (a) each
party's liability for any charges, payments or expenses due to the other party
that accrued prior to the date of termination shall not be extinguished by
termination, and such amounts (if not otherwise due on an earlier date) shall be
immediately due and payable on the termination date; (b) VerticalNet shall be
responsible for all charges, payments or expenses incurred by it in connection
with the removal of the PaperExchange Links from Co-Branded Sites and the
modification of the Co-Branded Sites, including, but not limited to, the removal
of PaperExchange Content; (c) PaperExchange shall be responsible for all
charges, payments or expenses incurred by it in connection with the removal of
the VerticalNet Links, VerticalNet Content and VerticalNet Archived Content  from
the PaperExchange Site; (d) all rights of PaperExchange to use, display,
reproduce or publish the VerticalNet Marks shall immediately cease. (e) all
rights of PaperExchange to use, reproduce, display and transmit the VerticalNet
Content and VerticalNet Archived Content  shall immediately cease and
PaperExchange shall destroy all copies of such content, (f) all rights of
VerticalNet to use, display, reproduce or publish the PaperExchange Marks shall
immediately cease, (g) all rights of VerticalNet to use, create derivative works
of, reproduce, display, perform and transmit the PaperExchange Content shall
immediately cease and VerticalNet shall, at PaperExchange's cost, return one
copy of the PaperExchange Content displayed on the Co-Branded Sites to
PaperExchange in electronic format and destroy all other copies of such content,
(h) all rights of VerticalNet to arrange for the sale of advertising on the
Third Party Advertising Allocation  on the PaperExchange Site shall immediately
cease, (i) VerticalNet shall retain ownership of the URLs at which the
Co-Branded Sites are located, (I) the Co-Branded URLs shall be owned by the
party that offers to pay the highest amount to the other for the ownership of
such URLs upon payment of such amount to the other party (k) if the agreement is
terminated during the Initial Term by VerticalNet pursuant to Section 8.2  [Termination for Cause] , (x)
VerticalNet shall be released from its obligations under Section 5.8.1  [Non-Competition] and (y)
PaperExchange's obligations under Sections 7.2  [Advertising Revenue]  and 7.4  [Revenue Sharing] shall be extended for one
year after the date of such termination, and (I) if the agreement is terminated
during the Initial Term by PaperExchange pursuant to Section 8.2  [Termination for Cause] , VerticalNet
shall pay to PaperExchange, as liquidated damages, an amount equal to the
product determined by multiplying (1) a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the number of days between the effective date of termination and the
scheduled expiration date of the Initial Term, and the denominator of which
shall be the number of days
                                       14
between the Effective Date and the scheduled expiration date of the Initial
Term, by (2) *****
9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
      9.1. Negotiation and Escalation. If any controversy or claim arises
relating to this Agreement, the parties will attempt in good faith to negotiate
a solution to their differences, including progressively escalating any
controversy or claim through senior levels of management. If negotiation does
not result in a resolution within 30 days of when one party first notifies the
other of the controversy or claim, either party may resort to arbitration under
Section 9.2  [Arbitration].
      9.2. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim between the parties concerning
any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or performance or nonperformance
of any obligation under this Agreement which cannot be resolved by negotiation
will be resolved by binding arbitration under this Section 9.2  [Arbitration] and the
then-current Commercial Rules and supervision of the American Arbitration
Association (the "AAA"). If any part of this Section 9.2  [Arbitration] is held to be
unenforceable, it will be severed and will not affect either the duty to
arbitrate or any other part of this Section 9.2  [Arbitration]. The arbitration will be held in
New York, New York, before a sole disinterested arbitrator who is knowledgeable
in business information and the Internet and experienced in handling commercial
disputes. The arbitrator shall be appointed jointly by the parties hereto within
30 days following the date on which the arbitration is instituted. If the
parties are unable to agree upon the arbitrator within such 30-day period, the
AAA shall be instructed to select such arbitrator within 15 days thereafter. The
arbitrator's award will be final and binding and may be entered in any court
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000having jurisdiction. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive or
exemplary damages, or any damages excluded by, or in excess of, any damage
limitations expressed in this Agreement. Issues of arbitrability will be
determined in accordance solely with the federal substantive and procedural laws
relating to arbitration; in all other respects, the arbitrator will be obligated
to apply and follow the substantive law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
      9.3. Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, in the event of an alleged violation of Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY] of this Agreement
by either party, the party alleging such a violation may seek temporary
injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court of competent
jurisdiction pending appointment of an arbitrator. The party requesting such
relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of the dispute, and
shall request that the American Arbitration Association proceed under its rules
for an expedited hearing.
      9.4. Costs. Unless the arbitrator, if any, determines otherwise, each
party will bear its own attorneys' fees and other costs associated with the
negotiation and arbitration provided for by this Article 9  [DISPUTE RESOLUTION] , except that costs
and expenses of the arbitrators shall be shared equally. If court proceedings to
stay litigation or compel arbitration are necessary, the party who
unsuccessfully opposes such proceedings will pay all associated costs, expenses
and attorneys' fees that are reasonably incurred by the other party.
* Confidential Treatment Requested: material has been omitted and filed
  separately with the Commission.
                                       15
      9.5. Two Year Limitation. Except for claims under Sections 12.4  [Indemnification by PaperExchange]  and 12.5  [Indemnification by VerticalNet]
hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising
out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or
misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or
becomes known, whichever is later.
      9.6. Confidentiality. In order to facilitate the resolution of
controversies or claims between the parties with respect to each party hereto,
such controversies or claims, including details regarding negotiations,
arbitration and settlement terms, shall be treated as Confidential Information
of the other party hereto in accordance with Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY].
      9.7. Remedial Measures. In the event of (a) any material remediable breach
of this Agreement by the other party which remains uncured 30 days after notice
of such breach (other than a breach of a payment obligation) was received by the
other party or (b) any material breach which cannot be cured, the non-breaching
party may take reasonable remediable measures at the cost of the breaching party
without prejudice and in addition to any other rights arising from such breach.
In addition, the non-breaching party shall take reasonable steps to mitigate
damages arising out of such breach.
10. CONFIDENTIALITY
      10.1. Confidentiality Obligations. Except as permitted elsewhere under
this Agreement, each party agrees to take Reasonable Steps (as defined below)
(a) to receive and maintain the Confidential Information  of the other party in
confidence, (b) not to disclose such Confidential Information  to any third
parties and (c) to promptly notify the disclosing party upon learning of any
law, rule, regulation or court order that purports to compel disclosure of any
Confidential Information  of the disclosing party and to reasonably cooperate
with the disclosing party in the exercise of the disclosing party's right to
protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information . Neither party
hereto shall use all or any part of the Confidential Information  of the other
party for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under this
Agreement. The parties will take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) to ensure
that their employees, representatives and agents comply with this provision. As
used herein, "Reasonable Steps" means at least the same degree of care that the
receiving party uses to protect its own Confidential Information , and, in no
event, no less than reasonable care.
      10.2. Exclusions. Nothing contained herein shall prevent a party from
disclosing Confidential Information  pursuant to any applicable law, rule,
regulation or court order; provided, however, that such party complies with the
notice provisions of Section 10.1(c)  [Confidentiality Obligations]  to the extent permissible under applicable
laws, rules, regulations or court orders. Such disclosure shall not alter the
status of such information hereunder for all other purposes as Confidential
Information.
      10.3. Termination. Subject to Section 13.10  [Survival], upon termination of this
Agreement, all Confidential Information  shall be returned to the disclosing
party or destroyed unless otherwise specified or permitted elsewhere under this
Agreement. The confidentiality obligations contained in this Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY] shall
survive termination of this Agreement for a period of three years.
                                       16
      10.4. Injunction. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the provisions
of this Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY] are reasonable and necessary to protect the other party's
interests in its Confidential Information , that any breach of the provisions of
this Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY] may result in irreparable harm to such other party, and that the
remedy at law for such breach may be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of
any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY] by a party
hereto, the other party, in addition to any other relief available to it at law,
in equity or otherwise, shall be entitled to seek temporary and permanent
injunctive relief restraining the breaching party from engaging in and/or
continuing any conduct that would constitute a breach of this Article 10  [CONFIDENTIALITY],
without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond or other
security.
      10.5. Publicity. Except as may be required by applicable laws, rules or
regulations (including those arising under any securities laws), neither party
will originate any publicity, news release or other public announcement, written
or oral, whether to the public press or otherwise, concerning the relationship
between the parties or the transactions described in this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event disclosure is required by
applicable law, rules or regulations, then the party required to so disclose
such information shall, to the extent possible, provide to the other party for
its approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) a written copy of
such public announcement at least five business days prior to disclosure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party shall have the right to make a press
release with respect to its entering into this Agreement; provided that such
party provides to the other party a copy of the proposed press release no less
than five business days prior to its proposed release and that the contents of
such press release shall be subject to the other party's consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.
11. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each party hereby represents, covenants and
warrants to the other party that:
      11.1. It has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement and to grant
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000the rights and licenses granted herein and otherwise perform this Agreement;
      11.2. It is not a party to any agreement or understanding and knows of no
law or regulation that would prohibit it from entering into and performing this
Agreement or that would conflict with this Agreement; and
      11.3. When executed and delivered by it, this Agreement will constitute a
legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance
with this Agreement's terms.
12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
      12.1. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSELY SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, VERTICALNET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL VERTICALNET DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
                                       17
      12.2. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, PAPEREXCHANGE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL PAPEREXCHANGE DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
      12.3. Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY
EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 10, THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF PAPEREXCHANGE
UNDER SECTIONS 12.4(c)  [Indemnification by PaperExchange]  AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER
SECTION 12.5(c)  [Indemnification by VerticalNet] , NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ARTICLE 10, THE
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF PAPEREXCHANGE UNDER SECTION 12.4(c)  [Indemnification by PaperExchange]  AND THE
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 12.5(c)  [Indemnification by VerticalNet] , EACH PARTY'S
LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED $1,000,000.
      12.4. Indemnification by PaperExchange. PaperExchange shall indemnify and
hold harmless VerticalNet and its officers, directors, employees and agents from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, obligations,
penalties, judgments, awards, costs, expenses and disbursements, including
without limitation, the costs, expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred,
of investigating, preparing or defending any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation asserted by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by PaperExchange of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it under this Agreement, (b)
negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of PaperExchange
or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c) any claim that
the PaperExchange Content infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property
Rights or any other right of any third party or (d) the promotion, advertisement
or marketing of the VerticalNet Content or VerticalNet Archived Content  by or on
behalf of PaperExchange.
      12.5. Indemnification by VerticalNet. VerticalNet shall indemnify and hold
harmless PaperExchange and its officers, directors, employees and agents from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, obligations,
penalties, judgments, awards, costs, expenses and disbursements, including
without limitation, the costs, expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred,
of investigating, preparing or defending any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation asserted by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by VerticalNet of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it under this Agreement, (b)
negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of VerticalNet or
its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c) any claim that
the VerticalNet Content infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property
Rights or any other right of any third party; or (d) the promotion,
advertisement or marketing of the PaperExchange Content by or on behalf of
VerticalNet.
                                       18
      12.6. Each person seeking to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended and/or
held harmless under Sections 12.4  [Indemnification by PaperExchange]  or 12.5  [Indemnification by VerticalNet]  (each, an "Indemnitee") shall (a)
provide the party obliged to indemnify such Indemnitee with prompt written
notice of any claim, suit, demand or other action for which such Indemnitee
seeks to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended or held harmless (each, a
"Claim"), which notice shall include a reasonable identification of the alleged
facts giving rise to such Claim; (b) grant such party reasonable authority and
control over the defense and settlement of any such Claim; and (c) reasonably
cooperate with such party and its agents in defense of any such Claim. Each
Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Claim for
which such Indemnitee seeks to be reimbursed, indemnified, defended or held
harmless, by using attorneys of such Indemnitee's choice, at such Indemnitee's
expense. Any settlement of a Claim for which any Indemnitee seeks to be
reimbursed, indemnified, defended or held harmless under this Article shall be
subject to the prior written approval of such Indemnitee, such approval not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
      12.7. Essential Part of Bargain. The parties acknowledge that the
disclaimers and limitations set forth in this Article 12  [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...]  are an essential
element of this Agreement between the parties and that the parties would not
have entered into this Agreement without such disclaimers and limitations.
13. MISCELLANEOUS
      13.1. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its
conflicts of law provisions. Subject to the provisions of Section 9, both
parties consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United
States and the state courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in and for
Horsham, PA.
      13.2. No Assignment. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither party
shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder,
in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the
prior written consent of the other party, which consent may be withheld at the
other party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either
party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other
party to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger or sale of all or
substantially all of the stock or assets of such party.
      13.3. Good Faith. The parties undertake to display to each other the
utmost good faith, consistent with their respective rights and obligations set
forth in this Agreement.
      13.4. Independent Contractors. In connection with this Agreement, each
party is an independent contractor. This Agreement does not, and shall not be
construed to, create an employer-employee, agency, joint venture or partnership
relationship between the parties. Neither party shall have any authority to act
for or to bind the other party in any way, to alter any of the terms or
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000conditions of any of the other party's standard forms of invoices, sales
agreements, warranties or otherwise, or to warrant or to execute agreements on
behalf of the other or to represent that it is in any way responsible for the
acts, debts, liabilities or omissions of the other party.
                                       19
      13.5. Notices. All notices, reports, payments and other communications
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a "Notice") shall
be in writing and shall be given either by personal delivery against a signed
receipt, by express delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, or
by facsimile. All Notices shall be properly addressed as follows, or to such
other addresses as may be specified in a Notice given hereunder:
If to VerticalNet:                                 with a copy to:
Attn: General Counsel                              Michael J. Hagan
VerticalNet, Inc.                                  VerticalNet, Inc.
700 Dresher Road, Suite 100                        700 Dresher Road, Suite 100
Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044                        Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044
Fax No.: (215) 443-3336                            Fax No.: (215) 443-3336
If to PaperExchange:                               with a copy to:
Attn: Chief Executive Officer                      Attn: Jonathan K. Bernstein
PaperExchange.com, LLC                             Bingham Dana LLP
545 Boylston Street, 8th Floor                     150 Federal Street
Boston, MA 02116                                   Boston, MA 02110
Fax No.: (617) 536-4097                            Fax No.: (617) 951-8736
A Notice shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or, if sent via
overnight delivery, upon receipt thereof. A Notice sent via facsimile is deemed
effective on the same day (or if such day is not a business day, then on the
next succeeding business day) if such facsimile is sent before 3:00 p.m.
Philadelphia time and on the next day (or if such day is not a business day,
then on the next succeeding business day) if such Notice is sent after 3:00 p.m.
Philadelphia time.
      13.6. Amendment or Modification. No subsequent amendment, modification or
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by the parties.
      13.7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets out the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, arrangements and communications,
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, including,
but not limited to, the letter of intent between the parties dated July 23,
1999.
      13.8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then to the fullest extent permitted by law
(a) the same shall not effect the other terms or provisions of this Agreement,
(b) such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary in
the tribunal's opinion to render such term or provision enforceable, and the
rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced
accordingly, preserving to the fullest extent the intent and agreements of the
parties set forth herein and (c) such finding of invalidity, illegality or
                                       20
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of
such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
      13.9. No Waiver. Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement is not a
waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term. No term or provision of
this Agreement will be deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or
excuse is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
waiver or excuse is sought.
      13.10. Survival. Sections 5.8.1  [Non-Competition] (subject to Section 8.3(k)  [Upon Termination] ), 6.1-6.2, 6.5,
6.6, 6.9, 7.5-7.8, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13, any payment obligations of the
parties hereunder accruing prior to the date of termination; and any other
provision herein expressly surviving termination or necessary to interpret the
rights and obligations of the parties in connection with the termination of the
term of this Agreement will survive the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.
      13.11. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement is intended
to confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than the
parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
      13.12. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereby irrevocably waives all
rights a party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.
      13.13. Titles. The headings appearing at the beginning of the Sections
contained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and reference
purposes only and shall not be used to determine the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement. The nomenclature of the defined terms in this
Agreement shall only be used for the construction of this Agreement, and are not
to be used for any other purpose, including, but not limited to, interpretation
for accounting purposes.
      13.14. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be held to be in breach of this
Agreement by reason of a force majeure event, including, but not limited to, act
of God, delay in transportation, fire, flood, earthquake, storm, war, act of a
public enemy, civil commotion or any law, rule, regulation, order or other
action by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a party's
control. To the extent failure to perform is caused by such a force majeure
event, such party shall be excused from performance hereunder so long as such
event continues to prevent such performance, and provided the non-performing
party takes all reasonable steps to resume full performance.
      13.15. Compliance with Laws. Each party shall comply with all prevailing
laws, rules and regulations and obtain all necessary approvals, consents and
permits required by the applicable agencies of the government of the
jurisdictions that apply to its activities or obligations under this Agreement.
      13.16. Execution in Counterparts, Facsimiles. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This
Agreement shall become binding when any one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, bear the signatures of both parties
                                       21
hereto. For the purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of this Agreement, including
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000the signature pages hereto, shall be deemed an original.
            [The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.]
                                       22
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to the Agreement by their duly authorized
representative have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
VERTICALNET, INC.                           PAPEREXCHANGE.COM, LLC
By: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]                         By: /s/ Jason Weiss
    ---------------------------------           --------------------------------
Title: BVI                                  Title: CEO
       ------------------------------              -----------------------------
VERTICALNET, INC.                           PAPEREXCHANGE.COM, LLC
By: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]                         By: /s/ Rod A. Parsley
    ---------------------------------           --------------------------------
Title: V.P. E-Commerce Products Group       Title: Vice President Business Devel
       ------------------------------              -----------------------------
                                   Exhibit A
Auction Home                                                         Page 1 of 2
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
pulp and paper online PaperExchange.com
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
REGISTER
Free Gift...
to first time Buyers and Sellers on Online Auction
Search: Buyer's Guide by Product/Service [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Go!
Home | Products | Careers | Marketplace | News/Analysis | Community | Resources
| About Us | Related Sites
Auctions
     Home
     Registration
     How to Start
     Buying
     My Auction Watch
     Buyer's Toolkit
     Buyer's Help
     Additional Industries
     Selling
     Seller's Toolkit
     Seller's Help
Books, Software,
Videos
Shopping
Also On This Site
Online Homepage
Product Center
Career Center
News & Analysis
Community
Resources
Site Information
Related Sites
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Click Here
                              Highlights, Products
                                     & More
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     powdex
                          Incorporating InterFlow Expo
                          Oct. 27-28, 1999 Atlanta, GA
                              Cobb Galleria Centre
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 LAB BLAST '99
                                Lab equipment at
                               Rock Bottom Prices
                                   CLICK HERE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Online Auctions
Purchase and Liquidate New and Used Products
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000Find An Item
                Select a category below, or use Advanced Search.
                          |X| Auctions |_| Fixed Price
                           Analytical Instrumentation
                                   View Items
Welcome
Pulp & Paper Online and PaperExchange.com have partnered to become the leading
e-commerce solution for buying and selling new, surplus and used paper products
and equipment.
Sell an Item: Register Now as an Online Auctions seller and Sell an Item here.
Find an Item: Begin using the auction by selecting a category from the box above
or choose a Featured or New Item below. Or click here for an Advanced search
Customized Auction features
          Buyers Area                                  Sellers Area
       Choose One ...  Go!                          Choose One ...  Go!
*Hot items are from all industries          *Hot items are from all industries
First Time Users: Personalize your Online Auction experience and learn about our
                          Customized Auction Features.
Featured Item
Dynasty Tool Kit No. 9422
Item #: 500607
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Dynasty Tool Kit No. 9422. 120 tools. For the customer service engineer who
carries a full array of tools and spare parts during extended air travel. Molded
of tough linear polyethylene. Ribs for extra strength and rigidity. Rugged
aluminum valance. M
Price: $348
Auction Period: 5/11/99 - 6/10/99
Techne Thermal Cycler 0.5ML 117V
Item #: 500863
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Techne Gene E Thermal Cycler (for 0.5 mL tubes). Suitable for DNA sequencing,
gene manipulation, DNA hybridization, and other techniques. Uses a refrigerated
coolant for maximal cooling efficiency (cooling rates up to 2.7(degrees)C per
sec.). Operates from 10
Price: $1,000
Auction Period: 5/7/99 - 6/6/99
Dynasty Tool Kit No. 9422
Item #: 500607
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Dynasty Tool Kit No. 9422. 120 tools. For the customer service engineer
                                  Exhibit A(2)
Auction Home                                                         Page 2 of 2
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
engineer who carries a full array of tools and spare parts during extended air
travel. Molded of tough linear polyethylene. Ribs for extra strength and
rigidity. Rugged aluminum valance. M
Price: $348
Auction Period: 5/11/99 - 6/10/99
Leader LFC-944B Level Meter
Item #: 500608
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Leader LFC-944B Level Meter is a portable battery-operated field level meter
designed for testing and measuring the performance of CATV and MATV systems. It
provides for measuring levels of -40 to +60 dBmv on VHF channels and -30 to +40
dBmv on UHF c
Price: $220
Auction Period: 5/11/99 - 6/10/99
Find An Item
                Select a category below, or use Advanced Search.
                          |X| Auctions |_| Fixed Price
                           Analytical Instrumentation
                                   View Items
Send This Page To A Friend
Share The Knowledge
See something for a friend or associate? You can forward this page by just
Clicking Here!
Home | Help | Feedback | Advertising Info
VerticalNet | Disclaimer | TechSupport                       www.wateronline.com
                                  Exhibit A(3)
Online Jobscan                                                       Page 1 of 2
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
pulp and paper online PaperExchange.com
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
shop & compare
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000For the Best Prices on the Web
Search: Buyer's Guide by Product/Service [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Go!
Home | Products | Careers | Marketplace | News/Analysis | Community | Resources
| About Us | Related Sites
Career Center [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Online Jobscan
Online Jobscan
   Job Search
   Post Resume
   Update Resume
   New Jobs Area
   Employer Spotlight
Career Resources
Salary Survey
Recruiter Center
Also On This Site
Product Center
Career Center
News & Analysis
Community
Resources
Site Information
Related Sites
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Click Here
                              Highlights, Products
                                     & More
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     powdex
                          Incorporating InterFlow Expo
                          Oct. 27-28, 1999 Atlanta, GA
                              Cobb Galleria Centre
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 LAB BLAST '99
                                Lab equipment at
                               Rock Bottom Prices
                                   CLICK HERE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Online Jobscan
[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
Online JobCenter
Job Search
Post/Update Resumes
Employer Spotlights
Use this page to search for job openings, and view the most recent Open House
announcements from businesses within the industry
Job Search
Pulp & Paper Online and PaperExchange.com have combined resources to provide you
with the most comprehensive source for careers in the pulp and paper industry.
Search for a position by making selections from the below drop down menus. The
more selections you make the more fined tuned the results. For the broadest
results, use the menu defaults.
Multiple categories can be chosen within menus by holding down the "Shift" key
when making selections.
Select Keywords
Separate keywords using AND, OR, or 'a phrase in quotes'
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type Company Name
(Full or Partial)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
|_| Full Time            |_| Part Time
|_| Contract             |_| Permanent
Location
Choose the State, Region or Country to include in your search
State                                 Region
All                                   All
Alabama                               Alaska/Hawaii
Alaska                                Mid-Atlantic - U.S.
Arizona                               North Central - U.S.
Country
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000United States
Antigua and Arbuda
Antarctica
Argentina
Position
All Job Types
Aerospace Engineer
Biological Scientist
Biologist
Jobscan Sponsors
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Click Here
                              Highlights, Products
                                     & More
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     powdex
                          Incorporating InterFlow Expo
                          Oct. 27-28, 1999 Atlanta, GA
                              Cobb Galleria Centre
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 LAB BLAST '99
                                Lab equipment at
                               Rock Bottom Prices
                                   CLICK HERE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Durlano Pumps embrace new valve technology for greater efficiency...
CHEMPRO introduces new treatment for water purification...
                                  Exhibit A(4)
Online Jobscan                                                       Page 2 of 2
Duties
All Job Functions
Academia
Choose One
Consulting
Scan Jobs                Reset
Open House Announcements
Virtual Company Tours
In an effort to better inform the job seeker and satisfy the needs for industry
recruiting of premium positions, Water Online provides Online Open House. These
pages represent a virtual open house for each of the participating companies
that are actively seeking new recruites. Below is a list of the most recent Open
House pages.
- - Chromatography Ltd. Santa Monica CA
- - Mass Spectral Interpretator Austin TX
- - Contemporary Wastewater and Design Phoenix AZ
- - Mass Spectral Incorporated Chicago IL
- - Activated Carbon Inc. Bethesda MD
More...
Send This Page To A Friend
Share The Knowledge
See something for a friend or associate? You can forward this page by just
Clicking Here!
Home | Help | Feedback | Advertising Info
VerticalNet | Disclaimer | TechSupport                       www.wateronline.com
                                                                       Exhibit B
                     CAREER CENTER REQUEST FORM
Please take the time to fill out this form so that we may collect the
information needed to process your Career Center Request. Please note that text
of any length may be typed or pasted into the fields below.
Billing Information (Will not be displayed online unless it is the same as
Employer Information, below.)
      Company Name:
      Address:
      Address 2:
      City:
      State:
      Zip:
      Country:
      Foreign Address:
      Phone:                         Extension:
      Fax:
      e-mail:
      Website Address (URL):
      Contact Name:
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000Employer Information (Please enter all information as it should appear online.)
      |_| Check here if same as above.
      Company Name:
      Address:
      Address 2:
      City:
      State:
      Zip:
      Country:
      Foreign Address:
      Phone:                         Extension:
      Fax:
      e-mail:
      Division Name:
      Number of Employees:
      Company Job Website (URL):
      Contact Person / Department:
      Job Code/Requisition Number:
      How do you wish to be contacted?
      |_| e-mail |_| Fax |_| Phone |_| Regular Mail
Job Information (Please enter all information as it should appear online.)
      Job Title:
      Job Location:
          City:          State:
              or
                US Region:           Select Region
                Country:
      Type of Position:   Full Time    Permanent
      Required Skills:
      Brief Job Description:
      Salary Range:
      Additional Compensation:
      Full Job Description:
Exhibit C
A Microsoft Excel Spreadsheet containing the following columns:
                                                                 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name*    Category*   Mfg/Brand    Model #      Original Item Price     Height      Weight
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NAME     CATG        FLDA         FLDB         FLDC                    FLDD        FLDE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Starting Bid*    Reserve Price     Bid Increments    Start date/time   Duration*   Item #
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MINB             RSRV              INCR              STRT              DAYE        FLD1
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 default is $5.00  default is today  default is 7
                 --------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Approx. Age   SKU    Description      Seller ID#   Image Location
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
FLD2          FLDF   DESC             SELL         IMAG
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------
                Sales
Location**      Person**        Capacity**
- ---------------------------------------------
  To Be          To Be             To Be
Determined     Determined       Determined
- ---------------------------------------------
This page describes each of the fields used in the Excel spreadsheet for bulk
uploads. Please put details in the spreadsheet named Bulk Upload Spreadsheet. It
is very important that you do not change the field names or their order on the
spreadsheet.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Name*               The title by which you want the item called. i.e.
                      Sartorius Microbalance. This field is 60 characters long
                      but more details will fit in the description section. The
                      name needs to be descriptive and distinct. There cannot be
                      two items with the same name. Add a delineating feature
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000such as model number or size to the name.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Category*             This field requires a number not word. See the enclosed
                      list. If you do not find a category that fits your
                      product, please contact us. We can add categories.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mfg/Brand             Manufacturer or brand name
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Model #               Model number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Item         If known, this can be an incentive to buyers who then see
price                 your lower price.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Height                Include feet or inches.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weight                Include pounds or ounces.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quantity*             This field requires only a number not each, case, etc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Starting Bid*         This is the amount at which the bidding will start. It
                      should be lower than your reserve price, if you set one.
                      Please use whole dollars.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reserve Price         This is the amount you wish to receive for your product.
                      If you set a reserve price, your item cannot be sold for
                      less than the reserve. Please use whole dollars.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bid Increments*       $5 is the default, but feel free to change this to reflect
                      your product's price using whole dollars.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Start date/time*      This field must be filled out like the following example:
                      04/08/99 15:00 (MM/DD/YY 24:mm) A start time must be
                      included.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Duration*             The default for this field is 7 days. The options are 1,
                      3, 5, 7, 21, and 30.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Item #                Catalog number if the product came from a manufacturer's
                      or distributor's catalog
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Approx. Age           New, used, demo, reconditioned
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SKU                   Each, box, case
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description           This field is only 1250 characters long. Use basic writing
                      format here. Complete sentences are desired rather than a
                      list of features. If you copy and paste from an outside
                      source, please check to see that there are no tabs or
                      returns in the paragraph.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Seller ID#*           This is your six-digit ID number you received when you
                      registered.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Image location        A picture of your item is very helpful in selling your
                      item and will greatly enhance its listing appearance. The
                      picture needs to be in JPEG or GIF format. You can send
                      these on a separate disk or email if desired. Please
                      enclose a list delineating which picture goes with which
                      item.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Location              Where the equipment is currently located/resides.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales Person          For PaperExchange.com internal tracking.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capacity              Specific information about the equipment i.e. "x"
                      gallons/hr, "y" sheets/minute, etc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      *  indicates required fields
                      ** indicates fields with fieldnames to be determined and
                      whose position within the columns is to be determined
Source: PAPEREXCHANGE COM INC, S-1/A, 3/22/2000Execution Copy
                       CO-BRANDING AND SERVICES AGREEMENT
         Co-Branding and Services Agreement, effective as of October 1, 1999
(this "Agreement"), between RSL COM PrimeCall, Inc. , a Delaware corporation
("PrimeCall"), and deltathree.com, Inc.  (formerly known as Delta Three, Inc.), a
Delaware corporation ("DeltaThree").
                              W I T N E S S E T H :
         WHEREAS, PrimeCall is a leading provider and distributor of prepaid
calling cards;
         WHEREAS, DeltaThree is a leading on-line provider of Internet Protocol
(IP) communications services and utilizes the Internet and networks based on IP
to provide telecommunications products and services;
         WHEREAS, each of PrimeCall and DeltaThree desires to co-brand a
DeltaThree prepaid IP telephony calling card (the "Calling Card");
         WHEREAS, PrimeCall desires to begin selling and advertising its prepaid
calling products on-line utilizing the Internet;
         WHEREAS, PrimeCall has agreed to provide to DeltaThree certain services
in connection with the Calling Card and DeltaThree has agreed to provide certain
services in connection with the development of an on-line business to PrimeCall.
         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and of the
mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                                    ARTICLE I  [Term]
                                      Term
         Section 1.01. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of
the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement
(the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this
Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the
time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less
than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding
shares. "Affiliate" as used in this Agreement shall mean any person directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such person.
                                   ARTICLE II  [Co-Branding of Calling Card and Joint Marketing]
                 Co-Branding of Calling Card and Joint Marketing
         Section 2.01  [Calling Card]. Calling Card. PrimeCall and DeltaThree shall jointly
develop a DeltaThree prepaid calling card product (or modify and improve an
existing PrimeCall product) which bears the logos of each of DeltaThree and
PrimeCall. In order to lower the cost structure and increase the competitiveness
of the Calling Card, DeltaThree and PrimeCall shall each use their reasonable
best efforts to increase the percentage of the traffic derived from the use of
the Calling Card which will be carried via the DeltaThree Network. For purposes
of this Agreement, the "DeltaThree Network" shall mean Internet Protocol (IP)
communications services, which utilize the Internet and networks, based on IP to
provide telecommunications products and services. It is fully understood that
the Calling Card is a DeltaThree product and accordingly all revenues derived
therefrom will inure to the benefit of DeltaThree.
         Section 2.02  [On-Line Marketing] . On-Line Marketing. Each of PrimeCall and DeltaThree agree
to place, in a prominent location, a link on its home page website to the
other's home page website.
         Section 2.03  [Limited License]. Limited License. Throughout the Term of this Agreement,
the parties hereby agree to grant to each other a limited license to use each
other's proprietary marks solely in connection with the sale, distribution,
marketing and promotion of each party's calling cards by the other party. Both
parties hereto shall exercise such license in compliance with the quality and
other standards established by the party owning such marks. Except as set forth
herein, neither party shall use the other party's proprietary marks without the
prior, express, written consent of the other party. All rights to either party's
proprietary marks shall remain with the owner of the marks.
                                   ARTICLE III  [Services Provided by PrimeCall]
                         Services Provided by PrimeCall
         Section 3.01  [Printing of Calling Cards] . Printing of Calling Cards. PrimeCall shall negotiate and
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999contract on behalf of DeltaThree for the printing of the Calling Cards.
PrimeCall will afford DeltaThree with the benefit of any discount pricing it
receives with respect to the printing of its own calling cards. All agreements
with respect to the printing of the Calling Cards shall be approved in advance
by DeltaThree. DeltaThree shall reimburse PrimeCall for all costs incurred by
PrimeCall in connection with the manufacturing and printing of the Calling
Cards.
         Section 3.02  [Toll-Free Access Number] . Toll-Free Access Number. PrimeCall shall procure on
behalf of DeltaThree a unique toll-free "800" access number for users of the
Calling Card. DeltaThree shall be responsible for all costs in connection
therewith.
         Section 3.03  [Pricing and Marketing] . Pricing and Marketing. PrimeCall shall provide DeltaThree
with pricing and marketing services in connection with the Calling Card,
including without limitation, developing a cost structure for the sale of the
Calling Cards, pricing specific routes and determining discount rates.
DeltaThree shall be responsible for all costs in connection therewith.
                                       2
         Section 3.04  [Sales and Distribution] . Sales and Distribution. PrimeCall's sales force shall
assist in selling the Calling Card and PrimeCall shall handle all aspects of the
distribution of the Calling Card, including without limitation, the negotiation
of agreements with distributors, inventory control, billing and collections. All
such agreements shall be approved in advance by DeltaThree. DeltaThree shall be
responsible for all costs in connection with such sales and distribution
efforts.
         Section 3.05  [Customer Service] . Customer Service. PrimeCall shall negotiate and contract
on behalf of DeltaThree to out-source customer service for users of the Calling
Card. DeltaThree shall reimburse PrimeCall for all customer service expenses
directly related to users of the Calling Card. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the level of customer service shall be subject to the approval of DeltaThree.
         Section 3.06  [Reporting]. Reporting. On or before the tenth day of each calendar
month, PrimeCall shall prepare for DeltaThree a report detailing the total
revenues and expenses associated with the sale and use of the Calling Cards in
the previous month. In the event that DeltaThree disputes any amounts set forth
on the report, DeltaThree shall provide PrimeCall with written notice of such
dispute, which notice shall detail the reasons for the dispute, within seven (7)
days of its receipt thereof. The parties shall negotiate in good faith to
resolve any such disputes.
         Section 3.07  [Procedures]. Procedures. The services to be provided by PrimeCall in
accordance with this Article III  [Services Provided by PrimeCall]  shall be provided to DeltaThree in accordance
with reasonable procedures for operation and may be changed from time to time if
agreed upon by each of PrimeCall and DeltaThree.
                                   ARTICLE IV  [Services Provided by DeltaThree]
                         Services Provided by DeltaThree
         Section 4.01  [Web Site Development and Services] . Web Site Development and Services. Within three (3)
months of the date hereof, DeltaThree shall establish and administrate a
PrimeCall web site (the "PrimeCall Web Site") in consultation with PrimeCall
which will enable PrimeCall to market and sell its calling cards via the World
Wide Web and provide on-line support for such sales. The PrimeCall Web Site
shall be a fully functional e-commerce site, with all ordering and billing
performed on-line. DeltaThree shall provide ongoing upgrades to the PrimeCall
Web Site, shall develop a database for the PrimeCall Web Site, and shall oversee
all billing, collections and fulfillment for on-line orders. PrimeCall shall
establish its own merchant account with Citibank or another accredited United
States banking institution and provide DeltaThree with all information
pertaining to such account to enable DeltaThree to process all on-line credit
card transactions for PrimeCall. PrimeCall shall be fully liable for all
charge-backs, refunds and commission payments associated with the processing of
PrimeCall's on-line credit card transactions by DeltaThree. DeltaThree shall
establish for PrimeCall an on-line interactive center whereby PrimeCall shall be
able to monitor the on-line sales of its calling cards. All calling card and
pricing information shall be
                                       3
provided by PrimeCall. DeltaThree shall be responsible for all costs and
expenses in connection with the operation and maintenance of the PrimeCall Web
Site and the services provided pursuant to this Section 4.01  [Web Site Development and Services]  shall be provided
at no additional cost to PrimeCall; provided, however, that PrimeCall shall be
fully responsible for all costs associated with the purchase of hardware,
software and domain names related to the PrimeCall website. PrimeCall agrees to
cooperate and provide necessary support to assist DeltaThree in providing the
services under this Section 4.01  [Web Site Development and Services]  and shall be responsible for supplying
DeltaThree with the content and graphics (look and feel) of the PrimeCall
website. In addition, upon the execution of this Agreement, each party shall
appoint an account manager to work directly on the implementation of this
Agreement.
         Section 4.02  [Reporting]. Reporting. On or before the tenth day of each calendar
month, DeltaThree shall prepare for PrimeCall a report detailing the total
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999revenues and expenses associated with the sale of PrimeCall's calling cards via
the World Wide Web in the previous month. In the event that PrimeCall disputes
any amounts set forth on the report, PrimeCall shall provide DeltaThree with
written notice of such dispute, which notice shall detail the reasons for the
dispute, within seven (7) days of its receipt thereof. The parties shall
negotiate in good faith to resolve any such disputes.
         Section 4.03  [Advertising and Promotion] . Advertising and Promotion. In addition to the link
provided pursuant to Section 2.02  [On-Line Marketing]  hereof, DeltaThree shall develop internet
advertisements for PrimeCall and shall provide 500,000 advertising impressions
on the DeltaThree home page during each month of the Term of this Agreement in
the form of banners, box ads, or the equivalent. DeltaThree shall also conduct
certain mutually agreed to targeted e-mail promotions upon the request of
PrimeCall. The services provided pursuant to this Section 4.03  [Advertising and Promotion]  shall be provided
at no additional cost to PrimeCall.
                                  ARTICLE V  [Payments]
                                   Payments
         Section 5.01. Payment Terms. Any amounts due hereunder shall be
calculated and paid in U.S. dollars on a monthly basis within twenty-five (25)
business days following the receipt of the reports detailed in Sections 3.06  [Reporting] and
4.02  [Reporting] hereof or any other invoices provided for herein. All payments shall be
made via wire transfer in accordance with written instructions from the parties.
                                   ARTICLE VI  [Termination]
                                   Termination
         Section 6.01  [Termination for Cause] . Termination for Cause. In the event that either PrimeCall
or DeltaThree materially breaches any of its duties or obligations hereunder,
which breach shall not be cured within thirty (30) days after written notice is
given to the breaching party specifying the breach, then either PrimeCall or
DeltaThree, as the case may be, may, by giving written notice thereof to the
other, terminate this Agreement as of a date specified in such notice of
termination, which
                                       4
date shall be no earlier than ten (10) days after the date of such notice.
         Section 6.02  [Termination for Bankruptcy] . Termination for Bankruptcy. In the event of the
Bankruptcy (as hereinafter defined) of either PrimeCall or DeltaThree, then the
non-bankrupt party may, by written notice thereof to the party in Bankruptcy,
terminate this Agreement as of a date specified in such notice of termination,
which date shall be no earlier than ten (10) days after the date of such notice.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Bankruptcy" shall mean the happening of any
of the following: (i) the filing of an application for, or a consent to, the
appointment of a trustee for all or substantially all of the relevant party's
assets, (ii) the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or the filing of
a pleading in any court of record admitting in writing the relevant party's
inability to pay its debts generally as they come due, (iii) the making of a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) the entry of an order,
judgment or decree by any court of competent jurisdiction adjudicating the
relevant party a bankrupt, or appointing a trustee of all or substantially all
of such party's assets unless such order, judgment or decree is vacated or
stayed on appeal within thirty (30) days or (v) the filing of an involuntary
case or other proceeding against the relevant party seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law, which case or proceeding shall not have been dismissed within sixty days
after filing.
         Section 6.03  [Effect of Termination] . Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of
this Agreement, all rights and obligations of PrimeCall and DeltaThree shall
terminate as of the effective date of such termination, except that (i) such
termination shall not constitute a waiver of any rights that either PrimeCall or
DeltaThree may have by reason of a breach of this Agreement, (ii) such
termination shall not constitute a waiver of any right to receive payments that
are due and owing pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) the provisions of Article
VII  [Limited Warranty]  shall continue in full force and effect.
                                   ARTICLE VII  [Limited Warranty]
                                Limited Warranty
         Section 7.01  [Disclaimer of General Warranty by PrimeCall] . Disclaimer of General Warranty by PrimeCall. PRIMECALL
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE SERVICES
PROVIDED HEREUNDER, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT SHALL PRIMECALL BE LIABLE TO
DELTATHREE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT DELTATHREE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIABILITY OF PRIMECALL FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED
DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS
LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, DELTATHREE'S DIRECT DAMAGES.
                                       5
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999Section 7.02  [Disclaimer of General Warranty by DeltaThree] . Disclaimer of General Warranty by DeltaThree. DELTATHREE
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE SERVICES
PROVIDED HEREUNDER, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT SHALL DELTATHREE BE LIABLE TO
PRIMECALL FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT PRIMECALL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIABILITY OF DELTATHREE FOR DAMAGES OR ALLEGED
DAMAGES HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS
LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, PRIMECALL'S DIRECT DAMAGES.
         Section 7.03  [General Network Disclaimer]  General Network Disclaimer. NEITHER PARTY REPRESENTS OR
WARRANTS THAT ITS NETWORK, GATEWAYS OR, THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER ARE
COMPLETELY ERROR FREE OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT PACKET LOSS OR INTERRUPTION NOR DO
THEY WARRANT ANY CONNECTION TO OR ANY TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET.
                                  ARTICLE VIII  [Confidentiality]
                                 Confidentiality
         Section 8.01  [Confidentiality]. Confidentiality. PrimeCall and DeltaThree each agree that
for the longest period permitted by law each shall hold in strictest confidence
and, without the prior written approval of the other party hereto, not to use
for their own benefit or the benefit of any party other than the other party
hereto, or disclose to any person, firm or corporation other than such party
(other than as required by law) any confidential proprietary information
concerning the business and affairs of the other party hereto; provided,
however, that the foregoing limitations and restrictions shall not apply to
information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than
as a result of a disclosure by the directors, officers, shareholders, partners,
affiliates, employees, agents or advisors of PrimeCall or DeltaThree, as the
case may be, or (ii) is or becomes available to PrimeCall or DeltaThree on a
non-confidential basis from a source other than the other party hereto or any of
its advisors, agents or affiliates, provided that such source is not known by
PrimeCall or DeltaThree, as the case may be, to be bound by a confidentiality
agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to the other party hereto. Each of
PrimeCall and DeltaThree recognize that the absence of a time limitation in this
Section 8.01  [Confidentiality] is reasonable and properly required for the protection of the other
party hereto and in the event that the absence of such limitation is deemed to
be unreasonable by a court of competent jurisdiction, PrimeCall and DeltaThree
each agree and submit to the imposition of such a limitation as said court shall
deem reasonable.
         Section 8.02  [Confidentiality]. Equitable Remedies PrimeCall and DeltaThree each
specifically recognize that any breach of Section 8.01  [Confidentiality] will cause irreparable
injury to the other party hereto and that actual damages may be difficult to
ascertain, and in any event, may be inadequate. Accordingly
                                       6
(and without limiting the availability of legal or equitable, including
injunctive, remedies under any other provisions of this Agreement), each of
PrimeCall and DeltaThree agrees that in the event of any such breach, the other
party hereto shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to such other
legal and equitable remedies that may be available. In addition, PrimeCall and
DeltaThree each agree that the provisions of Section 8.01  [Confidentiality] shall be considered
separate and apart from the remaining provisions of this Agreement and shall be
enforced as such.
                                   ARTICLE IX  [Miscellaneous]
                                  Miscellaneous
         Section 9.01  [Further Assurances] . Further Assurances. Each party will, at any time and from
time to time after the date hereof, upon the request of the other, do, execute,
acknowledge and deliver, or shall cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and
delivered, all such other instruments as may be reasonably required in
connection with the performance of this Agreement and each shall take all such
further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out or further effect the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon request, DeltaThree and
PrimeCall will cooperate, and will use their respective best efforts to have
their respective officers, directors and other employees cooperate, at the
requesting parties' expense, during and after the Term in furnishing
information, evidence, testimony and other assistance in connection with any
actions, proceedings, arrangements or disputes involving DeltaThree and/or
PrimeCall.
         Section 9.02  [Survival of Representations] . Survival of Representations. All statements,
certifications, indemnifications, representations and warranties made by the
parties to this Agreement in this Agreement or in any certificate or list
delivered pursuant hereto, and their respective obligations to be performed
pursuant to the terms hereof and thereof, shall survive the Term notwithstanding
(a) any examination or audit by or on behalf of any party hereto and (b) any
notice of a breach or of a failure to perform not waived in writing.
         Section 9.03  [Notices]. Notices. All notices or other communications required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or delivered
(i) when delivered personally or by private courier, (ii) when actually
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999delivered by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt
requested and postage prepaid or (iii) when sent by telecopy (provided, that, it
is simultaneously electronically confirmed), addressed as follows:
         If to DeltaThree:
                           430 Park Avenue, 5th Floor
                           New York, NY 10022
                           Fax No.: 212-588-3674
                           Attention: Chief Financial Officer
         With a copy to:
                                       7
                           430 Park Avenue, 5th Floor
                           New York, NY 10022
                           Fax No.: 212-588-3674
                           Attention: General Counsel
         If to PrimeCall:
                           430 Park Avenue, 5th Floor
                           New York, NY  10022
                           Fax No.: (212) 588-3601
                           Attention:  President
         With a copy to:
                           430 Park Avenue, 5th Floor
                           New York, NY 10022
                           Fax No.: 212-588-3601
                           Attention: General Counsel
or to such other address as such party may indicate by a notice delivered to the
other party hereto pursuant to the terms hereof.
         Section 9.04  [Independent Contractors] . Independent Contractors. At all times the parties hereto
shall be considered independent contractors and this Agreement shall not create
any agency, partnership or employment relationship between the parties. Except
as specifically set forth herein, neither party shall have the right to act for
or on behalf of or in the name of the other party.
         Section 9.05  [No Modification Except in Writing] . No Modification Except in Writing. This Agreement shall
not be changed, modified, or amended except by a writing signed by the party to
be charged and this Agreement may not be discharged except by performance in
accordance with its terms or by a writing signed by the party to be charged.
         Section 9.06  [Waivers]. Waivers. The waiver, express or implied, by a party
hereto of any rights hereunder or of any failure to perform or breach hereof by
the other party shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of any other right
hereunder or any other failure to perform or breach hereof by the other party,
whether of a similar or dissimilar nature.
         Section 9.07  [Entire Agreement] . Entire Agreement. This Agreement and all other documents
to be delivered in connection herewith set forth the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and merges and
supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of every kind
and nature between them.
         Section 9.08  [Severability]. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the
application of any provision hereof to any person or circumstances is held
invalid, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision
to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected unless the provision
held invalid shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining portions
of this Agreement.
                                       8
         Section 9.09  [Assignment]. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by DeltaThree without the
prior written consent of PrimeCall. PrimeCall may assign this Agreement to any
affiliate of PrimeCall or in connection with a merger or consolidation of
PrimeCall or a sale of all or substantially all of PrimeCall's business. Except
as provided in the preceding sentence, this Agreement may not be assigned by
PrimeCall without the prior written consent of DeltaThree.
         Section 9.10  [Publicity; Announcements] . Publicity; Announcements. Except to the extent required
by law, all publicity related to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
subject to the mutual approval of the parties hereto and, except as otherwise
may be required by law, no public announcement of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby will be made by either party hereto without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.
         Section 9.11  [Governing Law]. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of this
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999Agreement, each party hereby irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, sitting in New York County,
and the courts of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Each
party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in any such court, any claim that any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum and the right to object, with respect to any such suit, action or
proceeding brought in any such court, that such court does not have jurisdiction
over such party. In any such suit, action or proceeding, each party waives, to
the fullest extent it may effectively do so, personal service of any summons,
complaint or other process and agrees that the service thereof may be made by
certified or registered mail, addressed to such party at its address set forth
in Section 9.03  [Notices]. Each party agrees that a final non-appealable judgment in any
such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and
binding.
         Section 9.12  [Captions]. Captions. The captions appearing in this Agreement are
inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define,
limit or describe the scope and intent of this Agreement or any of the
provisions hereof.
         Section 9.13  [Third Parties]. Third Parties. There are no intended third party
beneficiaries to this Agreement.
         Section 9.14  [Counterparts]. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.
                                       9
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.
                                RSL COM PRIMECALL, INC.
                                By
                                  ---------------------------------
                                  Name:  Arnold Goodstein
                                  Title:  President and CEO
                                DELTATHREE.COM, INC.
                                By
                                  ---------------------------------
                                  Name: Amos Sela
                                  Title:  President and CEO
                                       10
Source: DELTATHREE INC, S-1/A, 11/2/1999ENDORSEMENT LICENSING AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
 
This ENDORSEMENT LICENSING AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT is entered into on July 26, 2013 (the "Effective Date”) by and
between Marine MP, LLC (“Lender”), for services of Arnold Schwarzenegger (“Endorser”), and Fitness Publications, Inc. (“Fitness”) (collectively,
Lender, Endorser, and Fitness are referred to as the “AS Parties”) and MusclePharm Corporation with its principal place of business in Denver,
Colorado and its subsidiaries, (collectively, “MusclePharm” or the “Company”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the AS Parties have the rights necessary to license the use of the rights of publicity with respect to name, voice, approved
signature, approved photographs, approved images, and approved likenesses of Arnold Schwarzenegger (the “Name and Appearance Rights”) and
the use of the Name and Appearance Rights as trademarks or service marks (the “Trademarks”); and
 
WHEREAS, MusclePharm is engaged in the business of developing and marketing nutritional products for athletes and fitness
enthusiasts, and
 
WHEREAS, MusclePharm from time to time uses consumer, celebrity, and expert endorsements or testimonials to promote MusclePharm
Products (as defined in Section 2(b) of this Agreement) in marketing and advertising materials, and
 
WHEREAS, MusclePharm desires to develop, market, promote and sell in conjunction and in cooperation with the Endorser a unique
Arnold Schwarzenegger customized product line approved by the Endorser initially comprised of between  four to eight (4 to 8) products, subject to
Section 2(b) below), that will be marketed and advertised under the Endorser’s name and likeness, all subject to the Endorser’s approval, as
described in Section 12, (the “AS Product Line”); and
 
WHEREAS, MusclePharm desires to engage Endorser, and Endorser desires to accept the engagement, as more fully described in this
Agreement, whereby Endorser will lend his name, reputation, and appearance to (i) endorse and promote MusclePharm and its Products and (ii) to
develop the AS Product Line and several related promotional giveaway items that will depict the Endorser’s name and likeness solely in
conjunction with the MusclePharm logo or images of the AS Product Line on the permitted promotional products (the “Promotional Products”) set
forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, as may be amended in writing by the parties hereto from time to time (collectively, the Promotional Products and
the AS Product Line are referred to as the “Licensed Products”).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements set forth below, the parties agree as follows:
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/20171. Term:
 
(a) This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years. The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22,
2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement. The period from July 23, 2013 to July 22, 2014 shall be referred to
as the “First Contract Year”. The period from July 23, 2014 to July 22, 2015 shall be referred to as the “Second Contract Year”. The period from July
23, 2015 to July 22, 2016 shall be referred to as the “Third Contract Year”.
 
(b) In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales (as defined below) of $20 million (the “First Renewal Threshold”) in the
aggregate during the Third Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the “First
Additional Term”) on the same terms and conditions for the Initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall
be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the First Additional Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and
Exhibit “C” Section (2) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the First
Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 million during each
Contract Year of the First Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement). If this Agreement is renewed for the First Additional Term,
then the First Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2016, and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice
on July 22, 2019.
 
(c) In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales of $50 million (the “Second Renewal Threshold”) in the aggregate during the
sixth Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the “Second Additional Term”) on
the same terms and conditions for the initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection
with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the renewal Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and  Exhibit “C” Section (3) attached
hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two  (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the Second Additional Term pursuant to
Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 in each Contract Year of the Second Additional
Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement). If this Agreement is renewed for the Second Additional Term, then the Second Additional Term
shall commence on July 23, 2019 and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2022.
 
2. Engagement:
 
(a) MusclePharm hereby engages Endorser and Endorser promises and agrees to hold himself available to use, evaluate, advertise and
promote certain MusclePharm Products, as may be reasonably requested by MusclePharm in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
herein on a world-wide basis. Endorser also agrees to the use on a world-wide basis (as specified pursuant to Section 6 below and subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement), during the Term, of his Name and Appearance Rights to advertise and promote the business of
MusclePharm, its Products, and the Licensed Products.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) Products. As used in this Agreement, “Products” shall mean dietary supplements manufactured within the fifty states of the United
States of America; provided, however, MusclePharm shall not produce during the Term (and any renewal Term, if any) any diet pills and/or sexual
enhancement products; provided, further, that fat burning products, Shred Matrix and Live Shredded products and products that increase
testosterone levels currently produced by MusclePharm as of the date hereof shall be part of the definition of Products for the purpose of this
Agreement.
 
(c) New Products. During the Term (including any renewal Term, if any), in the event that MusclePharm shall determine to develop and
introduce a new Product into the market, MusclePharm shall provide the AS Parties with a sample of the name, design, marketing plan and an actual
sample of such new Product (the “Sample”) and the AS Parties shall have a right of first refusal (exercisable by written notice to MusclePharm
within 15 days after receipt of the Sample) to include such new Product in the AS Product Line, it being understood that there shall initially be no
less than four (4) Products at the start of the Term and thereafter no more than 8 (eight) Products in the AS Product Line without the mutual written
agreement of the parties hereto.
 
(d) Distribution Channels – Licensed Products . Subject to the terms and conditions herein (including the Exhibits), the license to
MusclePharm with respect to distribution and promotion of the Licensed Products is on a worldwide basis through the Distribution Channels (as
defined below) subject to approval rights set forth in Section 13 herein. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Distribution Channels” means the
distribution of the Licensed Products through GNC retail and online chains worldwide during the First Contract Year and, thereafter, through
MusclePharm’s other worldwide distribution channels, as mutually determined by MusclePharm and the AS Parties.
 
3. Endorsement of Products:
 
Endorser agrees that he will use and evaluate the Products and Licensed Products according to the recommended use and dose
guidelines. Based on Endorser’s knowledge, personal use and experience with the Products and Licensed Products that he shall from time to time
during the Term of this Agreement provide his honest evaluation, opinion, and findings about the Products and Licensed Products he is endorsing
and promoting.  The endorsements must be based on Endorser’s knowledge and/or personal use and experience with the Products and Licensed
Products at or about the times the endorsements are made.  Endorser’s statements and endorsements, or paraphrases thereof, may be used by
MusclePharm to advertise, promote and publicize its business, Products and Licensed Products as provided herein.  Endorser’s endorsements of
the Products and Licensed Products will be in accordance with the guidelines established by the Federal Trade Commission for endorsements in
advertising. If requested by MusclePharm, Endorser shall provide a signed affidavit in form satisfactory to MusclePharm confirming Endorser’s
compliance with the FTC standards in connection with his endorsements and endorsement activities.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/20174. Appearances, Advertising and Promotional Activities:
 
(a) Appearances and Video.
 
(i) In order to ensure the success of the co-branded Licensed Products and maximize Net Sales of such Licensed Products to the
mutual benefit of the parties hereto, the Endorser agrees that he shall make four (4) personal appearances (“Appearances”) in the First Contract
Year on dates, times and places mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto. Endorser acknowledges that such Appearances in the First Contract
Year shall consist of: (i) one (1) appearance at an industry tradeshow to be mutually agreed by the parties, (ii) one (1) charity event with Arnold’s
All-Stars, (iii) one (1) appearance at the Arnold Classic, and (iv) one (1) corporate and public relations event(s) in 2013 to be mutually agreed by the
parties.
 
(ii) The Endorser and MusclePharm may also agree to produce on dates, times and places mutually agreed upon by the parties
hereto a GetSwole training video (the “Training Video”) during a production session (the “Production Day”). In the event that Endorser shall agree
to produce the Training Video (such decision shall be made by the Endorser exercisable in his sole discretion) and Products (other than the
Licensed Products) are featured and sold in connection with such Training Video then Endorser shall receive ten percent (10%) of Net Sales (as
defined below) from the sale of any Products other than the Licensed Products featured and sold directly in conjunction with the Training Video.
 
(iii) In order to ensure the success of the co-branded Licensed Products and maximize Net Sales of such Licensed Products to the
mutual benefit of the parties hereto, the Endorser agrees that he shall make two (2) Appearances in each of the Second Contract Year and Third
Contract Year (and any subsequent Contract Years if applicable) on dates, times and places mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto (one such
appearance to include the Arnold Classic in each such Contract Year).
 
(iv) Each Appearance may be up to two (2) hours in length not including travel time to and from the Appearance, as scheduled by
MusclePharm, for the purpose or promoting MusclePharm, its Products and the Licensed Products. The Production Day shall be for the purpose of
MusclePharm shooting the Training Video. In the event that the Endorser agrees to participate in the Training Video, the Production Day for the
Training Video may be up to two (2) hours in duration.
 
(v) In the event Endorser agrees to appear in the Training Video on television promoting the Licensed Products during the Term
hereof, the Training Video shall be produced by a production company that is a SAG signatory and such production company shall pay on behalf
of the Endorser all pension, health & welfare benefit payments. For the purpose of computing such pension, health and welfare benefit
contributions and any other payments under any SAG or AFTRA contracts applicable to Endorser's appearance in such Training Video, 25% of the
compensation payable to Endorser under this Agreement shall be allocated as fair and reasonable consideration for Endorser's work and
appearance in the Training Video during the Term or thereafter during the Use-Up Period defined below.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) Advertisements, Print Media, and Promotional Items . Endorser agrees that during the Term MusclePharm shall have the right to use,
worldwide, Endorser’s Name and Appearance Rights (as specified in Section 6) to advertise MusclePharm and its Products and Licensed Products
in print media, and in all other forms of media (other than telephone marketing or texting campaigns) including, but not limited to, point of sale
material, premiums and novelties, direct marketing material, and radio, television, electronic, and computer media (including but not limited to
MusclePharm’s Internet and social media websites) . Print media will also include promotional items on which Endorser’s approved picture;
approved likeness, or facsimile signature may appear. Endorser will have the right to approve, in writing via his representative’s office, all
advertising materials which utilize Endorser’s Name and Appearance Rights, but Endorser will not unreasonably withhold approval and will
promptly respond to all approval requests.
 
(c) Use of Endorsements . During the Term, MusclePharm also shall have the right to use, worldwide, Endorser’s oral or written
endorsements of Products and Licensed Products, or paraphrases thereof, to promote MusclePharm, its business, Products, and Licensed
Products. Endorser shall have the right to approve such oral or written endorsements and the use thereof, such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.
 
(d) Use-Up Period. During the Term, the right to use Endorser's Name and Appearance Rights granted to MusclePharm in this Section
shall extend for six (6) months beyond the expiration of this Agreement (the "Use-up Period"). MusclePharm shall create no new advertising during
the Use-up Period using Endorser's Name and Appearance, but shall have the right to use during the Use-up Period Endorser's Name and
Appearance in advertisements and promotional materials created before the expiration date of this Agreement.
 
(e) Promotional Products. During the Term, MusclePharm shall have the right to create and distribute the Promotional Products world-
wide. MusclePharm shall be permitted to sell the Promotional Products at its cost to third parties and Endorser shall not be entitled to any
additional compensation with respect to the Promotional Products. In the event that MusclePharm shall sell any Promotional Products above its
cost then Endorser shall be entitled to receive 10% of Net Sales from the sale of such Promotional Products.
 
(f) Online content. During the Term, Endorser will use good faith efforts to provide online content for MusclePharm’s websites and social
media websites as reasonably requested by MusclePharm.  This will be in a form agreed to by the parties (e.g. training video or video interview with
a MusclePharm representative). This will be scheduled so as to not interfere with Endorser’s movie and other obligations. Endorser will use good
faith efforts to promote MusclePharm on his website (e.g. www.schwarzenegger.com).
 
(g) GetSwole. Endorser, in conjunction with MusclePharm’s management and fitness experts will help in the design of the GetSwole Diet
and Weight Training Program.
 
(h) Autographed Items . Endorser shall also supply MusclePharm with at least fifty (50) signed items for each Contract Year, on the
Licensed Products or on other items to be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, to be used by MusclePharm in connection with the
promotion of the Products and/or Licensed Products.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(i) Representations and Warranties . Endorser expressly represents and warrants that he is not subject to any restriction or limitation by
way of employment or contractual obligation that may impair or limit his performance of the advertising and promotional activities described above,
and that Endorser has the express approval of any third party to make the promises and commitments set forth herein, and will advise any future
employer of his obligations hereunder.
 
5. Scheduling:
 
(a) The Appearances, the Production Day, the Licensed Product launch and related media campaign, the interview of Endorser by
MusclePharm, and all advertising and promotional activities requested by MusclePharm and approved by Endorser shall be scheduled by mutual
agreement and subject to Endorser’s other business activities and commitments occurring during the Term of this Agreement. Endorser’s
commitments pursuant to this Agreement shall be scheduled so as not to conflict with Endorser’s other commitments. Endorser agrees that he will
in good faith make every reasonable effort, given his other commitments, to give priority to the fulfillment of his obligations pursuant to this
Agreement. The parties shall confer periodically for the purpose of coordinating and scheduling Endorser’s advertising and promotional activities
and services.
 
6. Right of Publicity :
 
(a) Name and Appearance Rights . As provided below, during the Term, the AS Parties grant to MusclePharm the right to use the
Trademarks as defined in this Agreement and the Name and Appearance Rights, which shall include Endorser’s name, approved photograph,
approved picture (including, without limitation, any copyrighted pictures and video images of the Endorser owned by the Endorser which Endorser
agrees to make available for use hereunder), approved appearance, or approved likeness, including video and other recordings of Endorser’s
appearance, along with the right to use Endorser’s voice, including audio or other recordings of Endorser’s voice, Endorser’s signature, personal or
professional background and experience, reputation, approved quotations and approved endorsements, or approved paraphrases of Endorser’s
approved quotations and endorsements, including approved touch-ups, approved simulations or approved compositions of any of the above
whether generated by computer or by any other means, for the period of time and for the purposes set forth in this Agreement. MusclePharm
acknowledges that the use of some works may require that MusclePharm obtain a copyright license from third parties.
 
(b) Promotional Uses. During the Term of this Agreement, the AS Parties grant to MusclePharm and consent to MusclePharm’s commercial
use of the Name and Appearance Rights to advertise, promote, endorse and publicize Products, Licensed Products, and MusclePharm’s business,
worldwide in any media selected by MusclePharm (excluding telephone or texting campaigns), including but not limited to print, radio, television,
electronic, wireless or internet, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. MusclePharm acknowledges that any use on products
requires approval and that use of the Name and Appearance Rights on products is limited to the Licensed Products.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(c) Editorial Uses. Endorser also grants to MusclePharm and consents to MusclePharm‘s editorial use world-wide of Endorser’s Name
and Appearance in MusclePharm published materials approved by Endorser. For purposes of this Agreement, MusclePharm’s editorial use of
Endorser’s Name and Appearance shall mean a use that does not directly promote, advertise or endorse MusclePharm’s business, its Products or
Licensed Products. Nothing in this Section 6(c) shall entitle MusclePharm to reduce Endorser’s compensation pursuant to Section 7 and Section 8
of this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to any renewal Term, if any).
 
(d) Discretion to Utilize. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, MusclePharm may in its sole discretion exercise some or all of the
rights granted by Endorser in this Agreement, but MusclePharm shall have no obligation to exercise or use the rights Endorser has granted. If
MusclePharm elects to not exercise or use all the rights granted by Endorser, MusclePharm’s election shall not be interpreted or construed as a
waiver or release of such rights. MusclePharm shall have the rights to use Endorser’s Name and Appearance Rights and the Right to Publicize
Endorser’s Name and Appearance, as provided in this Agreement, unless Endorser and MusclePharm enter into a separate written agreement in
which MusclePharm waives or releases some or all of the rights Endorser has granted in this Agreement.
 
(e) Representations and Warranties . Endorser expressly represents and warrants that he is not subject to any restriction or limitation by
way of employment or contractual obligation that may impair or limit the right of publicity granted herein by Endorser, and that Endorser has the
express approval of his employer to make the promises and commitments set forth herein.
 
6A. News Releases and Public Announcements:
 
Neither party may, without the other party’s prior written consent, make any news release or public announcement of the existence or
value of this Agreement or its terms and conditions, or in any other manner advertise or publish its value, or its terms and conditions and neither
party shall issue any press release or other public announcement which includes the name of the other party without such party’s prior written
consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The parties hereby agree that within four (4) business days after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement and within four (4) business days after the launch of the Licensed Products, the parties hereto shall issue a joint
press release in form and substance mutually agreeable to the parties hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may make any filing of this
Agreement or description of this Agreement in a current report on Form 8-K or similar requisite filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
that it believes in good faith and upon a reasonable basis is required by applicable law or any listing or trading agreement concerning its publicly
traded securities.
 
6B. Sample Products for Endorser’s Use:
 
MusclePharm shall provide a reasonable supply of Products, Licensed Products, and Promotional Products for Endorser’s personal use
and endorsement as contemplated by this Agreement.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/20177. Compensation:
 
(a) Cash:
 
(i) During the Term of this Agreement and during any sell-off period, MusclePharm shall pay Lender a royalty (the
“Royalty”) of 10% on Net Sales (as defined below) of Licensed Products sold through its wholesale Distribution
Channels or retail Distribution Channels, as the case may be and 10% on Net Sales of the Training Video and any
Products sold in connection with any Training Video as contemplated pursuant to the last sentence of Section 4(a)(i)
above. For purposes of this Agreement, "Net Sales" shall mean MusclePharm's gross sales (the gross invoice amount
billed customers) of the Licensed Products, less discounts and allowances actually shown on the invoice (except cash
discounts, transportation costs and commissions not deductible in the calculation of Royalty) and less any bona fide
returns (net of all returns actually made or allowed as supported by credit memoranda actually issued to the customers
not to exceed 5% in any reporting cycle), the aggregate of which discounts and allowances shall not exceed 5% in any
reporting cycle. No other costs incurred in the manufacturing, selling, advertising, and distribution of the Licensed
Products shall be deducted nor shall any deduction be allowed for any uncollectible accounts, allowances or bad debt.
 
(ii) A Royalty obligation shall accrue upon the sale of the Licensed Products regardless of the time of collection by
MusclePharm. For purposes of this Agreement, Licensed Products shall be considered “sold” upon the date when such
Licensed Products are billed, invoiced, shipped, or paid for, whichever event occurs first.
 
(iii) If MusclePharm sells any Licensed Products to any party affiliated with MusclePharm, or in any way directly or
indirectly related to or under the common control with MusclePharm, at a price less than the regular price charged to
other parties, the Royalty payable to Lender shall be computed on the basis of the regular price charged to other parties.
 
(iv) All payments due hereunder shall be made in United States currency drawn on a United States bank, unless otherwise
specified between the parties.
 
(v) During the Term and during the sell-off period, MusclePharm shall make royalty payments in U.S. dollars for the
respective quarters ending on the last day of September, December, March and June (each, a “Royalty Period”) within
thirty (30) days from the end of each quarterly period. Each such royalty payment shall include an itemized statement
showing the nature and source of such royalties, including (i) the number of units of Licensed Products sold (by
country and customer); (ii) the total number of units returned for which credit was given and the total dollar amount of
such credits, and (iii) the total gross sales and the total royalties due with respect to such gross sales, and each itemized
statement shall be certified by a duly authorized officer of MusclePharm. Such statements shall be in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit “B” and furnished to Lender whether or not any Licensed Products were sold during the Royalty
Period.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(vi) MusclePharm will send all statements and payments, including all royalties, to the Lender to the address set forth in
Section 20 below. MusclePharm will make all payments payable to the Lender.
 
(vii) Receipt or acceptance by Lender (or its authorized representative) of a royalty statement or receipt or acceptance of any
accompanying royalty payment shall not prevent Lender from at any time within three years after the Term of this
Agreement questioning the validity or accuracy of such royalty statement or payment.
 
(viii) MusclePharm’s obligations for the payment of a Royalty and the Guaranteed Minimum Royalty (as defined below) shall
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement and will continue for so long as MusclePharm continues to
manufacture, sell or otherwise market the Licensed Products.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender shall be entitled to receive a guaranteed minimum royalty for each Contract Year including the
Additional Term, if any (the “Guaranteed Minimum Royalty”), payable in accordance with Exhibit “C” attached hereto.
 
8. Stock:
 
(a) Within three (3) days of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to any news release or public disclosure of the
existence of this Agreement, its terms and conditions, or the relationship of the parties hereto, whether pursuant to a press release, a current report
on Form 8-K or other filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise (the “Issuance Date”), MusclePharm shall issue Lender
780,000 shares of MusclePharm’s restricted stock (the “Compensation Shares”), for services performed and to be performed pursuant to this
Agreement. All Compensation Shares will be fully vested upon issuance, and for a period of six (6) months following the date hereof, Lender may
not sell in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Compensation Shares without the prior consent of MusclePharm;  provided, that, the Lender shall be
entitled, without the prior consent of MusclePharm, to transfer the Compensation Shares at any time to affiliates and family members so long as
such transfers are in compliance with state and federal securities laws and such transferees agree to be bound by foregoing transfer restrictions for
the six (6) month period following the date hereof with respect to the Compensation Shares. MusclePharm agrees that (i) with respect to the
Compensation Shares, Lender shall be entitled to all rights and benefits under the registration rights agreement, dated as of March 28, 2013 (the
“Registration Rights Agreement”), by and among MusclePharm and the investors party thereto as if it were an investor party thereto, mutatis
mutandis. MusclePharm shall promptly file (and in no event later than August 14, 2013) a registration statement on Form S-1 pursuant to the
Securities Act (as defined below) (the “Registration Statement”) with the SEC and will include therein the offering of all of the Compensation Shares
and no other securities of the Company. MusclePharm agrees that if the SEC shall issue comments on the Registration Statement, MusclePharm
shall in good faith respond to such comments as soon as practicable. MusclePharm will cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective as
promptly as practicable.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) MusclePharm and Lender agree that, for purposes of determining the taxable income of Lender and the tax expense, deduction or other
corresponding charge of MusclePharm, in each case in connection with the issuance of the Compensation Shares in accordance with this Section 8,
the fair market value of the Compensation Shares shall be the amount set forth in any third-party valuation report delivered by Lender to
MusclePharm within forty-five (45) days following the Issuance Date. MusclePharm will promptly provide all information reasonably requested by
Lender and/or its valuation firm in connection with the preparation and delivery of such report. MusclePharm shall not take any position for tax
purposes inconsistent with such fair market value as so determined without the consent of Lender; provided, however, that nothing herein shall
preclude MusclePharm from utilizing a different method of calculating the fair market value of the Compensation Shares for financial accounting
purposes if MusclePharm’s Chief Financial Officer, audit committee and independent auditors shall determine in good faith that such alternative
calculation of the fair market value of the Compensation Shares is required under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
 
(c) In connection with the issuance of the Compensation Shares, but without limitation of Section 8(a) or the other terms and conditions in
this Agreement, Lender hereby makes the following representations to MusclePharm regarding the Compensation Shares:
 
(i) Lender understands that, as of the date hereof, none of the Compensation Shares have been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, the availability
of which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of Lender’s representations as
expressed herein. Lender is acquiring all of the Compensation Shares for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, for investment and not with a
view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution or public offering thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act.
 
(ii) Lender understands that all of the Compensation Shares will constitute “restricted securities” under the federal securities
laws, inasmuch as it is being acquired from MusclePharm or such other company in one or more transactions not involving a public offering and
that under such laws the Compensation Shares may not be resold without registration under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom. The
certificates representing the Compensation Shares will be endorsed with a legend to such effect. Lender has been informed and understands that (i)
there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Compensation Shares, and (ii) no federal or state agency has made any finding or
determination as to the fairness for public investment, nor any recommendation nor endorsement, of the Compensation Shares.
 
(iii) Lender, or Lender’s business and financial advisors, have substantial experience in evaluating and investing in private
transactions of securities in companies similar to MusclePharm and such other company and Lender acknowledges that it can protect its own
interests. Lender, or such advisors, have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so that it is capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of its acceptance of all of the Compensation Shares of MusclePharm as compensation or otherwise.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(iv) Lender is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
(v) Lender understands that all books, records, and documents of MusclePharm relating to it have been and remain available for
inspection by him or his business and financial advisors upon reasonable notice. Lender confirms that all documents requested have been made
available, and that it or such advisors have been supplied with all of the information concerning MusclePharm that has been requested. Lender
confirms that it or such advisors have obtained sufficient information, in its and their judgment to evaluate the merits and risks of receipt of the
Compensation Shares as compensation or otherwise. Lender confirms that it has had the opportunity to obtain such independent legal and tax
advice and financial planning services as it has deemed appropriate prior to making a decision to enter this Agreement. In making each such
decision, Lender has relied exclusively upon its experience and judgment, or that of such advisors, upon such independent investigations as it, or
they, deemed appropriate, and upon information provided by MusclePharm in writing or found in the books, records, or documents of
MusclePharm.
 
(vi) Lender is aware that the economic ownership of the Compensation Shares is highly speculative and subject to substantial
risks. Lender is capable of bearing the high degree of economic risk and burdens of this venture, including, but not limited to, the possibility of a
complete loss, the lack of a sustained and orderly public market, and limited transferability of the Compensation Shares, which may make the
liquidation thereof impossible for the indefinite future.
 
(vii) The offer to issue the Compensation Shares as compensation to Lender was directly communicated to Lender or its business
or financial advisors by such a manner that it or such advisors were able to ask questions of and receive answers from MusclePharm or a person
acting on its behalf concerning this Agreement. At no time was Lender presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional
meeting, television advertisement, or any other form of general advertising.
 
(viii) None of the following information has ever been represented, guaranteed, or warranted to Lender, expressly or by
implication by any broker, MusclePharm, or agent or employee of the foregoing, or by any other person:
 
(1) The approximate or exact length of time that Lender will be required to remain as a holder of any of the Compensation
Shares;
 
(2) The amount of consideration, profit, or loss to be realized, if any, as a result of owning any of the Compensation
Shares; or
 
(3) That the past performance or experience of MusclePharm, its officers, directors, associates, agents, affiliates, or
employees or any other person will in any way indicate or predict economic results in connection with the plan of operations of MusclePharm or
the return on any of the Compensation Shares.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(d) MusclePharm represents, warrants and covenants to Lender that:
 
(i) It has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; (ii) it has
acquired all rights necessary to perform this Agreement and exploit the Licensed Products as contemplated herein; (iii) the Licensed Products, any
element thereof, or any advertising, promotional or publicity materials supplied by Licensee or third parties hereunder will not contain any language
or material which is obscene, libelous, slanderous or defamatory; and (iv) the use of the Licensed Product and the Lender’s Name and Appearance
rights as contemplated herein will not violate or infringe the copyright, trademark, or other rights of any third party.
 
(ii) It has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Lender, this
Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding agreement, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
 
(iii) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. It has all requisite power to
own its properties and to carry on the business as it is now being conducted and is intended to be conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such license or qualification
necessary.
 
(iv) Neither the execution, delivery nor performance by it of this Agreement does or will (a) violate, conflict with or result in the
breach of any provision of its organizational documents, (b) conflict with or violate any law or governmental authorization applicable to it or any of
its assets or its business, or (c) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time,
or both, would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment or acceleration of, or
result in the creation of any encumbrance on any of its assets pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage or indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit or franchise to which it is a party or by which any of its assets is bound or affected.
 
(v) It has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC
pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included or incorporated
by reference therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents included or incorporated by reference therein being sometimes
hereinafter collectively referred to as the “SEC Reports”). As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to the SEC Reports (as amended or supplemented), and none of the SEC Reports, at the time they
were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(vi) Set forth on Schedule 8(c) attached hereto is a true, complete, and accurate capitalization table of MusclePharm as of the date
hereof on a fully diluted basis, taking into account all equity interests of MusclePharm issued or outstanding, or issuable upon conversion or
exchange of any security, and any rights, options, or warrants or other agreements to acquire any such equity interests.
 
9. Termination:
 
(a) This Agreement may be terminated by MusclePharm only:
 
(i) In the event Endorser is convicted of a felony.
 
(ii) In the event Endorser is in material breach or default of this Agreement, then MusclePharm may give written notice to Endorser
of its intent to terminate this agreement and in such notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts, circumstances or events causing
the alleged breach or default (“Endorser Events of Default”). The Endorser shall have thirty (30) days’ notice in which to cure the Endorser
Events of Default to the reasonable and objective satisfaction of Musclepharm. If the Endorser fails, refuses or is unable for any reason to
cure the Endorser Events of Default to the reasonable and objective satisfaction of MusclePharm, then MusclePharm may terminate this
Agreement by giving a written termination notice which shall be effective on third calendar day after the date of such termination notice.
 
(iii) This Agreement may also be terminated by MusclePharm, upon fifteen days prior written notice, if death, or physical disability,
physical injury, or other incapacity lasting more than eight (8) weeks, causes Endorser to be unable to perform a material amount of the
personal or consulting services described in this Agreement.
 
(b) This Agreement may be terminated by the AS Parties only:
 
(i) In the event MusclePharm shall default under any indebtedness or financial obligations owed by MusclePharm in an amount in
excess of $1,000,000 including, without limitation, any failure to pay principal or interest thereon, and such event of default or condition
shall continue after any applicable grace period specified in such agreement or instrument, and the effect of such event or condition
results in an actual acceleration of the maturity of such indebtedness or obligations; and/or
 
(ii) If MusclePharm (A) dissolves, liquidates or otherwise terminates its business or operations; (B) shall generally not pay its
debts or obligations as the same become due; (C) commences or becomes the subject of any case or proceeding under the bankruptcy,
insolvency or equivalent laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction in the Territory which is not dismissed within 45 days; (D) has
appointed for it or for any substantial part of its property a court-appointed receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator
or other similar official which is not dismissed within 45 days; (E) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (F) takes
corporate action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; and/or
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(iii) If the Company shall have (or with respect to the Company, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company shall have) (A) been charged with respect to a felony; (B) been sued by a governmental agency; (C) received a subpoena from a
governmental entity relating to an investigation of the Company; or (D) become the subject of an investigation by a governmental agency
that, in each case, if adversely determined, could have, as determined by Endorser in good faith (or, solely with respect to clause (D), as
reasonably determined by the Endorser), a material adverse effect on the Company’s reputation or financial performance; and/or
 
(iv) If the AS Parties reasonably determine (based either on (A) internal MusclePharm information; (B) reports or other credible
information produced by established medical or scientific experts; or (C) multiple adverse events reported to MusclePharm or in the media)
that any of MusclePharm's products are harmful to the human body or unsafe.
 
(v) In the event Musclepharm is in material breach or default of this Agreement, the AS Parties may give written notice to
Musclepharm of intent to terminate, and such notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts, circumstances or events causing the
alleged breach or default (“MusclePharm Events of Default”). Musclepharm shall have thirty (30) days’ notice in which to cure the
MusclePharm Events of Default to the reasonable and objective satisfaction of the terminating party. If Musclepharm fails, refuses or is
unable for any reason to cure the MusclePharm Events of Default to the reasonable and objective satisfaction of the terminating party,
then the the AS Parties may terminate this Agreement by giving a written termination notice which shall be effective on third calendar day
after the date of the termination notice
 
(c) Effect of Expiration/Termination: Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement for pursuant to Section 9 herein, Endorser shall have
no further obligation to render any services whatsoever. MusclePharm shall have no further right to use the rights granted to MusclePharm
hereunder and all such rights (including without limitation the rights to use the Name and Appearance Rights and Trademarks) shall immediately
and automatically be revoked and shall terminate and revert to the AS Parties immediately with no “use-up period”. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event the expiration of this Agreement or termination of this Agreement by Musclepharm pursuant to paragraph 9(a), MusclePharm shall be
entitled to sell-off the remaining Licensed Products for six (6) months after such expiration of this Agreement pursuant to paragraph 4(d) herein and
shall continue to pay Endorser the Royalty set forth in paragraph 7 herein. MusclePharm shall not be liable to pay any compensation for services
performed after the expiration or termination. In the event of a termination by MusclePharm pursuant to paragraph 9(a)(i)-(ii), Musclepharm shall not
be required to pay Endorser any further compensation except for Royalties earned up until such termination date, and provided, however, that if
Musclepharm terminates this Agreement because of death, disability, physical injury, or other incapacity of Endorser, if Endorser has performed all
services required by this Agreement for a particular Contract Year, then MusclePharm shall continue to be obligated to compensate Lender with the
full compensation amount of this Agreement for such Contract Year. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, irrespective of the expiratation or
termination of this Agreement, the AS Parties shall always be entitled to retain and shall never be obligated to return any monies paid and/or stock
issued to Lender and/or Endorser pursuant to this Agreement. All formulas used in the Licensed Products shall remain the property of
MusclePharm, but all rights in any packaging, promotional materials, and websites of the Licensed Products (including, without limitation, pictures,
the name, logos and trade dress) and all intellectual property of the AS Parties shall revert back or otherwise be vested in the AS Parties; provided,
however, that the MusclePharm trade name, any MusclePharm trademarks, and MusclePharm logo used on the Licensed Products shall remain the
property of MusclePharm. The AS Parties shall also have the right to purchase from MusclePharm the Arnold.com domain name for a purchase
price equal to MusclePharm’s actual cost in acquiring such domain name (in the amount of Twenty Seven Thousand Five Hundred ($27,500) plus
interest accruing at an annual rate of five percent (5%) from April 27, 2013 the date of acquisition of such domain name through the date of the sale
of such domain name.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201710. Expenses:
 
In connection with any Appearance or Production Day that Endorser shall be required to specifically travel solely for MusclePharm to
make such Appearance or Production Day and shall not already be in such geographic location for another commitment, MusclePharm shall be
required to pay the expenses associated with Endorser’s travel, lodging, security and other expenses as set forth on  Exhibit “D” attached hereto.
 
11. Audit Rights:
 
(a) The AS Parties shall have the right, upon at least five (5) days written notice and no more than once each Contract Year of the Term to
inspect MusclePharm’s books and records and all other documents and material in the possession of or under the control of MusclePharm with
respect to the Licensed Products at the place or places where such records are normally retained by MusclePharm. The AS Parties shall have
reasonable access thereto for such purposes and shall be permitted to be able to make copies thereof and extracts therefrom.
 
(b) MusclePharm shall keep complete and accurate books of account for the preceding three years from the date of termination and
expiration. In the event that any shortfalls, inconsistencies or mistakes are discovered, they shall immediately be rectified by MusclePharm at its
sole cost and expense.
 
(c) In the event a shortfall in the amount of five percent (5%) or more is discovered, MusclePharm shall reimburse the AS Parties for the
cost of the audit including any reasonable attorney’s fees incurred in connection therewith.
 
(d) MusclePharm agrees to preserve and keep accessible and available to the AS Parties all relevant books and records for a period of at
least three (3) years following the expiration or termination of the Agreement.
 
12. Sales and Marketing Plan And AS Product Line and Trademarks:  
 
(a) MusclePharm shall utilize its commercially reasonable efforts to advertise and promote the Licensed Products at its own expense and to
sell the Licensed Products through the Distribution Channels worldwide as contemplated herein during the Term and to promote both the goodwill
of the Endorser and the market reputation of the Licensed Products. MusclePharm will conduct its activities relating to the marketing of the
Licensed Products in a professional manner. In that connection:
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) Prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement with respect to the First Contract Year and at least ninety (90) days prior to the
beginning of each Contract Year of the Term, MusclePharm will provide the AS Parties with a detailed marketing plan (the “Marketing Plan”). The
AS Parties shall be entitled to approve the Marketing Plan, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. MusclePharm shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to market and distribute the Licensed Products, and MusclePharm shall allocate between $3,000,000 and $5,000,000
in the First Contract Year and $5,000,000 in each subsequent Contract Year (including any renewal terms if any) toward the marketing of the
Licensed Products (the “Marketing Budget”); it being understood that the parties may mutually decide not to deploy the full Marketing Budget in
any Contract Year if in the good faith determination by the parties that the deployment of the full Marketing Budget is unnecessary to achieve its
projected revenue targets in connection with the sale of the Licensed Products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, MusclePharm shall be entitled to
re-allocate marketing dollars in its good faith judgment exercisable in its sole discretion from the media forms set forth in the Marketing Plan to
promote the Licensed Products in other media forms.
 
(c) AS Product Line and Trademarks. The parties hereto agree and understand that the AS Product Line will be marketed and promoted as
a distinct product line from MusclePharm’s overall product lines. Any trademarks and trade dress used as the brand of the AS Product Line shall be
owned by the AS Parties (as among them, to be determined among them) and shall be included within the defined term Trademarks as used in this
Agreement. Any trademark used as a brand for an individual product in the AS Product Line, as opposed to a brand for the line of products,
whether or not is based upon or derived from the Name and Appearance Rights or is independently developed also shall be owned by the AS
Parties (as among them, to be determined among them) and as shall be included within the defined term Trademarks as used in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the MusclePharm trade name, any MusclePharm trademarks, and MusclePharm logo used on the Licensed
Products shall remain the property of MusclePharm.
 
13. Quality Control:
 
(a) MusclePharm acknowledges and agrees that, in order to maintain the goodwill and integrity of the Endorser, the Name and Appearance
Rights, and the Trademarks (the “Endorser IP”), the Licensed Products shall be of a standard and of such style, appearance and quality as to
protect and enhance the goodwill associated with the Endorser IP, which standard the AS Parties may from time to time prescribe and which, in any
event, shall be of substantially the same or better quality than the samples previously provided by MusclePharm to Endorser. To this end,
MusclePharm will use the approval form attached hereto as  Exhibit “E” to obtain required approvals under this Agreement (including, ingredients
contained in the Licensed Products). Prior to any use of any of the Endorser IP, MusclePharm shall submit to the AS Parties for the AS Parties' prior
written approval all artwork, photos, images, writings, advertising campaigns, slogans, claims made and other Name and Appearance Rights
associated with the Endorser IP, samples of materials and design of the Licensed Products on which the Endorser IP are to appear and of all
advertising, press and promotional literature which MusclePharm intends to use in the marketing or merchandising of the Licensed Products using
the submission form in  Exhibit “E” attached hereto. The AS Parties shall respond to any such approval request within ten (10) business days. To
the extent that the AS Parties shall fail to respond within such ten (10 day) period, the submissions shall be deemed disapproved. Should
MusclePharm desire to submit the same request for approval, the AS Parties shall respond within five (5) days detailing the reason for disapproval.
Should the AS Parties fail to respond in this last Five (5) business day period, submission shall be deemed approved. In addition, MusclePharm
shall send, at its expense, at a minimum, two (2) representative samples of each Licensed Products, at each of the concept, pre-production and
production stages, to the AS Parties at the address set forth in Section 20 below for prior approval. During the Term, MusclePharm will also send
two (2) representative samples of the Licensed Products to the AS Parties at the address set forth in Section 20 below upon request so that the AS
Parties can determine whether the quality of the Licensed Products bearing the Endorser IP is being maintained.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) MusclePharm shall at all reasonable times during the Term (but no more than once during each Contract Year of the Term), and upon
reasonable notice, permit the AS Parties to send their authorized representatives to inspect the facilities of MusclePharm or its agents in order to
confirm that the production of the Licensed Products hereunder is in compliance with the quality standards set out herein and, at MusclePharm’s
expense, randomly test the formulas of the Licensed Products for quality control purposes, although the AS Parties will have no obligation to do
so.
 
(c) The Licensed Products shall be of the highest quality and manufactured, produced, sold, distributed and promoted in strict compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations, and be of substantially the same or better quality as the samples previously submitted by MusclePharm.
MusclePharm shall be responsible for ensuring that the products are properly designed and manufactured for safe use and shall promptly and fairly
address and resolve all consumer complaints and warranty claims. MusclePharm hereby acknowledges that the AS Parties are not competent to
determine whether the products are safe for sale and/or distribution to the public at large. Accordingly, the AS Parties’ approval rights relate to
aspects of quality and not to a determination of the safety of the products and any approvals given by the AS Parties of the products shall in no
way detract from the MusclePharm’s obligations hereunder.
 
(d) The License Products will be doctor-formulated and clinically tested at Stanford University or North Carolina University or another
university mutually acceptable to the parties hereto to prove the effectiveness of the Licensed Products. All Licensed Products will be tested by
Informed Choice or another independent testing laboratory mutually acceptable to the parties hereto to be certified “Banned Substance Free” for
athletes.
 
(e) Manufacturers will comply with the requirements set forth in this Section 13(e):
 
(i) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will not use child labor (not including child actors or models) in the manufacturing,
packaging, marketing, advertising, or distribution of the Licensed Products.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(ii) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will only employ persons whose presence is voluntary. MusclePharm and the
manufacturers will not use any forced or involuntary labor.
 
(iii) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will treat each employee with dignity and respect, and will not use corporal punishment,
threats of violence, abuse, or other forms of physical, sexual, psychological, or verbal harassment.
 
(iv) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will not unlawfully discriminate in any hiring or employment practices.
 
(v) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will, at a minimum, materially comply with all applicable wage and hour laws, rules,
regulations, and industry standards. MusclePharm and the manufacturers agree that, where local industry standards are higher
than applicable legal requirements, MusclePharm and manufacturer will meet the higher local standards.
 
(vi) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will materially comply with all applicable workplace laws, rules, regulations, and industry
standards, ensuring, at a minimum, reasonable access to potable water and sanitary facilities, fire safety, and adequate lighting
and ventilation.
 
(vii) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will respect the rights of employees to associate, organize, and bargain collectively in a
lawful and peaceful manner, without penalty or interference.
 
(viii) MusclePharm and the manufacturers will materially comply with all applicable environmental laws, rules, regulations, and
industry standards.
 
(ix) If MusclePharm becomes aware that any manufacturer has used or is using Endorser IP for any unauthorized purpose,
MusclePharm, will immediately notify the AS Parties and, if so instructed by the AS Parties, will cause such manufacturer to
cease such use immediately.
 
(f) Unless the AS Parties expressly agree in advance and in writing otherwise, all Licensed Products shall be manufactured within the fifty
states of the United States of America and in no other locations.
 
13A. Ownership and Registration of Trademarks and Name and Appearance Rights:
 
(a) During the Term and after expiration or termination of this Agreement, MusclePharm shall not contest or otherwise challenge or attack
the AS Parties’ rights in the Trademarks or Name and Appearance Rights or the validity of the license being granted herein.
 
(b) During the Term and after expiration or termination of this Agreement, MusclePharm shall not use any trademark which so substantially
resembles any of the Trademarks or Name and Appearance Rights as to be likely to deceive or cause confusion or mistake or which might amount
to passing-off; provided however, nothing herein shall preclude MusclePharm from using any of the intellectual property to be retained by
MusclePharm contemplated pursuant to Section 9(f) of this Agreement after the termination of this Agreement.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(c) MusclePharm recognizes the value of the good will associated with the Trademarks and Name and Appearance Rights and
acknowledges that the Trademarks and Name and Appearance Rights, and all rights therein and the good will pertaining thereto, belong exclusively
to the AS Parties.
 
(d) MusclePharm agrees that its use of the Trademarks and Name and Appearance Rights shall inure to the benefit of the AS Parties and
that MusclePharm shall not, at any time, acquire any rights in the Trademarks and/or Name and Appearance Rights by virtue of any use it may make
of the Trademarks and/or Name and Appearance Rights.
 
(e) MusclePharm agrees that any copyrights in works created based upon the Trademarks and/or Name and Appearance Rights shall
become the rights of the AS Parties (as among them to be determined among them). MusclePharm irrevocably and unconditionally transfers and
assigns to the AS Parties in perpetuity and throughout the universe any and all of MusclePharm’s right, title, and interest, if any (including, without
limitation, the rights generally known as ‘moral rights’) in and to all works, including any packaging, advertising and promotional materials, and
other materials based upon the Trademarks and/or Name and Appearance Rights, all of which shall, upon their creation, become and remain the
property of the AS Parties. All such works based upon the Trademarks and/or Name and Appearance Rights shall be prepared by an employee-for-
hire of MusclePharm (under MusclePharms’s sole supervision, responsibility, and monetary obligation) or as a work-for-hire by a third party who
assigns to the AS Parties in writing and in perpetuity throughout the universe all right, title, and interest in the same provided however, nothing
herein shall preclude MusclePharm from using any of the intellectual property to be retained by MusclePharm contemplated pursuant to Section
9(f) of this Agreement after the termination of this Agreement.
 
(f) Injunctive Relief. MusclePharm acknowledges that the unauthorized use of the Name and Appearance Rights and Trademarks will result
in immediate and irreparable damages to the AS Parties and that the AS Parties would have no adequate remedy at law for such authorized use.
MusclePharm further agrees that in the event of any unauthorized use of the Name and Appearance Rights and/or the Trademarks, the AS Parties,
in addition to all other remedies available to them hereunder, shall be entitled to injunctive relief against any such unauthorized use as well as such
other relief as any court with jurisdiction may deem just and proper.
 
(g) Registration. If the AS Parties decide in their sole discretion after consulting with MusclePharm to register the Trademarks and/or Name
And Appearance Rights as a trademark for the Licensed Products and/or any Promotional Products or to register the copyrights in any works
based upon the Trademarks and/or the Name And Appearance Rights, MusclePharm will cooperate to provide information, samples, and
documents as reasonably requested by the AS Parties to enable the AS Parties to comply with the application, registration, license recordal, and
other requirements of any applicable jurisdictions. If the AS Parties decide to register Trademarks and/or Name And Appearance Rights as a
trademark for the Licensed Products, MusclePharm will reimburse the AS Parties for any reasonable expenses incurred in registering in the United
States and Canada and such other countries as the parties shall mutually agree upon.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201714. Independent Contractor :
 
It is expressly agreed that Endorser is acting as an independent contractor in performing his services hereunder. MusclePharm shall carry
no worker's compensation insurance or any health, accident or disability insurance to cover Endorser. MusclePharm shall not pay any
contributions to Social Security, unemployment insurance, federal or state withholding taxes, nor provide any other contributions or benefits that
might be expected in an employer-employee relationship. Endorser shall be solely responsible and liable for reporting and paying all federal and
state income or other taxes applicable to the Endorser’s compensation under this Agreement and MusclePharm will provide Lender with an IRS
Form 1099 at the end of each calendar year in which compensation is paid to Lender. It is further understood and expressly agreed by Endorser that
he has no right or authority to incur expenses, obligations or liabilities in the name of or binding on MusclePharm, and he shall not represent to
third parties that he has any relationship (e.g., employer-employee or principal-agent) with MusclePharm other than the independent contractor
arrangement set forth in this Agreement.
 
15. Indemnification.
 
(a) By the AS Parties . The AS Parties will at all times indemnify and hold MusclePharm and its agents and licensees harmless from and
against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys’ fees), arising out of any breach by the
AS Parties of any warranty or agreement made by the AS Parties hereunder. In no event shall the AS Parties’ indemnification obligations to
MusclePharm hereunder exceed the after-tax value of the Cash Consideration received by Lender under this Agreement.
 
(b) By MusclePharm. MusclePharm agrees to protect, indemnify, save, defend, and hold harmless the AS Parties, their related companies,
affiliates, and partners, and each of their assigns, agents, representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, and employees from and against any
and all expenses, damages, liabilities, claims, suits, actions, judgments, costs and expenses whatsoever (including reasonable attorney’s fees; both
those incurred in connection with the defense or prosecution of the indemnifiable claim and those incurred in connection with the enforcement of
this provision), caused by, arising out of, or in any way connected with (i) any injury, death, or other harm or claim connected with, or claimed
defect in, Products or Licensed Products provided, manufactured, produced, marketed, promoted, sold, and/or distributed by MusclePharm
(including any party affiliated with MusclePharm); (ii) any material inaccuracy or misrepresentation by MusclePharm in this Agreement; (iii) any
advertisement and/or promotion of MusclePharm, its Products, or Licensed Products, including but not limited to any use of the materials produced
pursuant to this Agreement, as well as MusclePharm’s advertising/promotion campaign described above in this Agreement and/or (iv) any breach
of this Agreement and/or in connection with this Agreement. No settlement will be entered into by the AS Parties without MusclePharm’s prior
written approval.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201716. Exclusivity; Non-Competition:
 
(a) During the term of this Agreement, or any extensions of this Agreement, Endorser and the Lender hereby agree and warrant that it will
not enter into any other endorsement agreement for the use of Endorser’s name, image and/or likeness for advertising, marketing and/or
endorsement of any other dietary supplements during the Term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following will not be a
breach of this Agreement: (i) Endorser’s performance of services or appearing in the news or informational portion of any radio, TV or film or
entertainment program regardless of products or services therein or sponsorship thereof; (ii) Endorser’s participation in movies or TV programs as
well as merchandising, commercial tie-ins and/or product placements utilizing Endorser, or (iii) Endorser’s performance of services, appearance or
use of his name, likeness in connection with charitable events, sports events, organizations, regardless of usage of products or services and/or
sponsorship thereof.
 
(b) Endorser shall not use or provide endorsements or testimonials for products that compete with MusclePharm Products or the Licensed
Products. Any failure of Endorser to disclose such conflicting interests, or any breach of this Section, shall be deemed a material breach of the
Agreement. Endorser’s duty not to compete with the business of MusclePharm shall continue for a period of one year following the expiration or
termination of this Agreement. Endorser’s non-competition obligation shall not be required in the event of a material breach of this Agreement by
MusclePharm.
 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein, this Agreement shall not prevent or shall in any manner restrict
Endorser from advertising, marketing and or endorsing products (or other companies which manufacture such products) which incidentally contain
dietary supplements (including without limitation protein, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, herbs, legal performance enhancing substances)
provided the primary purpose of such product or company is not to sell or market a dietary supplement.
 
17. [RESERVED.]
 
18. Assignment:
 
The license granted by this Agreement is personal to MusclePharm. Except as set forth below, MusclePharm shall not assign or otherwise
transfer, license, sublicense, or delegate any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the AS Parties.
Neither party shall voluntarily or by operation of law assign or otherwise transfer the rights and/or obligations incurred pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. Any attempted assignment or transfer by a party of their rights and/or
obligations without such consent shall be void. Nothwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned without the AS Parties’ consent
by MusclePharm in connection with a change of control transaction; provided that the acquirer of MusclePharm shall have financial resources
substantially similar or greater than MusclePharm and shall specifically assume the obligations of MusclePharm under this Agreement in writing
prior to the consummation of the change of control transaction. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Endorser and the Lender shall be
entitled to sell, transfer and assign the Cash Compensation and the Compensation Shares (subject to compliance with the restrictions set forth in
Section 8(a) above and federal and state securities laws) to third parties; provided, however, that Endorser shall remain solely liable to fulfill all of
his obligations under this Agreement.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201719. Modification of Agreement :
 
The parties may modify this Agreement hereto only by a written supplemental agreement executed by both parties.
 
20. Notice:
 
Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be sufficient if given in writing, and sent by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, or by courier such as FedEx, addressed as follows:
 
If to MusclePharm:
 
MusclePharm
Attn: Brad Pyatt; CEO
4721 Ironton Street
Denver, CO 80237
 
With a copy to:
 
Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
61 Broadway, 32nd Floor
New York, NY 10006
Attn: Harvey J. Kesner, Esq.
Edward H. Schauder, Esq
 
If to the AS Parties:
 
Arnold Schwarzenegger
c/o Main Street Advisors, Inc.
3110 Main Street, Suite #310
Santa Monica, CA 90405
 
Marine MP, LLC
3110 Main Street, Suite #300
Santa Monica, CA 90405
ATTN: Arnold Schwarzenegger
 
Fitness Publications, Inc.
3110 Main Street, Suite #300
Santa Monica, CA 90405
ATTN: Arnold Schwarzenegger
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017With a copies to:
 
Main Street Advisors
3110 Main Street, Suite 310
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Attn: Paul Wachter & Alex Cohen
 
and
 
Bloom Hergott Diemer Rosenthal LaViolette Feldman
Schenkman & Goodman, LLP
150 South Rodeo Drive, 3rd Floor
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
Attn: Patrick M. Knapp, Esq.
 
and
 
Loeb & Loeb LLP
10100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 2200
Los Angeles, Ca 90067
Attn: David W. Grace
 
or to such other address as the parties hereto may specify, in writing, from time to time. Written notice given as provided in this Section shall be
deemed received by the other party two business days after the date the mail is stamped registered or certified and deposited in the mail, or
deposited with courier.
 
21. Governing Law:
 
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in Los Angeles County in the State of California, and its interpretation, validity and
performance shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California. The exclusive venue for any proceeding to
interpret, construe or enforce this Agreement in accordance with Section 22 below shall be Los Angeles County, California.
 
22. Dispute Resolution and Attorneys’ Fees:
 
(a) Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or
validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined by arbitration in Los
Angeles County before an arbitrator who is a retired U.S. District Court judge. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. Judgment on the Award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The parties adopt and
agree to implement the JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure (as it exists on the effective date of this Agreement) with respect to any final
award in an arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement. Nothing in this agreement clause shall preclude parties from seeking provisional
or injunctive relief remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017(b) In any arbitration arising out of or related to this Agreement, the arbitrator(s) shall award to the prevailing party, if any, the costs and
attorneys’ fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration. If the arbitrator(s) determine a party to be the
prevailing party under circumstances where the prevailing party won on some but not all of the claims and counterclaims, the arbitrator(s) may
award the prevailing party an appropriate percentage of the costs and attorneys’ fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection
with the arbitration.
 
23. Binding Effect:
 
This Agreement when signed by the parties shall be binding upon the parties, and their respective heirs, successors or legal
representatives.
 
24. Representations, Warranties and Covenants:
 
(a) The AS Parties represent and warrant that (i) they hold all such rights, title, and interest in his Name and Appearance Rights as are
required to permit them to enter into this Agreement; (ii) they have the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (iii) they have
not authorized any third party to create products similar to the AS Product Line, and (iv) they do not own any equity interest in any companies that
produce nutrition and/or supplement products. MusclePharm expressly acknowledges that the AS Parties have not ascertained the worldwide
availability of the Name and Appearance Rights and related Trademarks for use as trademarks on the Licensed Products or whether such use would
infringe the rights of any other entities. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE AS PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADEMARKS AND NAME AND
APPEARANCE RIGHTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AS PARTIES SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE TO MUSCLEPHARM OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO MUSCLEPHARM’S USE OF
THE TRADEMARKS AND NAME AND APPEARANCE RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AS PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
 
(b) MusclePharm represents, warrants and covenants that (i) it has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it
has acquired all rights necessary to perform this Agreement and exploit the Licensed Products as contemplated herein; (iii) the Licensed Products,
any element thereof, or any advertising, promotional or publicity materials supplied by Licensee or third parties hereunder will not contain any
language or material which is obscene, libelous, slanderous or defamatory; (iv) the use of the Licensed Product and the Name and Appearance
Rights as contemplated herein will not violate or infringe the copyright, trademark, or other rights of any third party; (v) the Products and Licensed
Products will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations and will be safe for human consumption.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201725. Payments:
 
All cash payments shall be made via wire transfer to the Lender to an account provided by Lender or his representative.
 
26. Confidentiality :
 
The parties acknowledge that during the course of this Agreement the parties will provide to each other certain proprietary and
confidential information that is held and maintained confidentially by each party. Each party shall be entitled to share such confidential information
received by such party only with such party’s representatives, legal and accounting advisors who shall agree to be bound by the confidentiality
obligations set forth in this Section 26. During the term of this Agreement and for three (3) years thereafter, each party shall hold in strict
confidence all such information. This obligation shall not apply to any information which: (a) becomes known to the general public through no fault
of either party; (b) is required to be disclosed in the enforcement of rights hereunder, or (c) is required to be disclosed by any state or federal statue,
regulation or court order.
 
27. Insurance:
 
MusclePharm shall, throughout the Term of the Agreement and for a period of not less than four years thereafter, obtain and maintain at its
own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company licensed to do business in California and New York, a commercial general liability
insurance policy including coverage for contractual liability (applying to the terms and conditions of this agreement), product liability, personal
injury liability, and advertiser's liability, in a form approved by the AS Parties, in the amount of at least Five Million Dollars (US$5,000,000) per
occurrence naming the AS Parties (for the avoidance of doubt, specifically including each of Lender, Endorser, and Fitness) as additional named
insureds. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such policy shall provide protection against any and all claims, demands, and causes of
action arising out of any defects or failure to perform, alleged or otherwise, of the Products and Licensed Products or any material used in
connection therewith or any use thereof. The policy shall provide for ten (10) days notice to the AS Parties from the insurer by Registered or
Certified Mail, return receipt requested, in the event of any modification, cancellation, or termination thereof. MusclePharm agrees to furnish the AS
Parties a certificate of insurance evidencing same within thirty (30) days after execution of this Agreement and, in no event, shall MusclePharm
manufacture, distribute, advertise, or sell the Licensed Products prior to receipt by the AS Parties of such evidence of insurance. MusclePharm
shall be responsible to provide for any appearances pursuant to this Agreement by Endorser appropriate certificates of insurance with coverage
limits of at least Five Million Dollars (US$5,000,000) per occurrence endorsed to name the AS Parties as additional named insureds with respect to
claims arising out of appearances by Endorser. MusclePharm shall be responsible to pay the deductible under any such insurance policies with
respect to any claims made under such policies.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/201728. Entire Agreement:
 
This Agreement contains the entire contract of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all agreements and
understandings between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. The language in all parts of this Agreement shall in every case be
construed simply according to its fair meaning.
 
29. Infringement:
 
(a) The AS Parties shall have the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to prosecute, defend, and/or settle at their own cost and expense
and in their sole discretion, all actions, proceedings and claims involving an infringement of the Name and Appearance Rights or Trademarks and
to take any other action that they deem proper or necessary in their sole discretion for the protection and preservation of such rights. In their sole
option, the AS Parties may take any action described above in one or more of their own names and MusclePharm will cooperate fully therewith.
MusclePharm shall have the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to prosecute, defend and/or settle at its own cost and expense and in its sole
discretion, all actions, proceedings and claims involving an infringement of the MusclePharm trade name, trademarks, and logo even if the matter
involves the Licensed Products and to take any other action that its deem proper or necessary in its sole discretion for the protection and
preservation of such rights. In its sole option, MusclePharm may take any action described above in its own name and the AS Parties will
cooperate fully therewith if the matter involves the Licensed Products. All expenses of any action taken by a party hereto as contemplated above
shall be borne by such party, and all relief granted in connection therewith shall be solely for the account of such party. A party hereto will not
claim or reserve any rights against the other party as the result of any such action contemplated above.
 
(b) Each party shall notify the other party promptly of any adverse, pending or threatened action in respect of an infringement of the Name
and Appearance Rights or Trademarks or any infringement of the Licensed Products, as the case may be, and of any use by third parties that
would or might tend to be adverse to the rights of the parties hereto, as applicable.
 
 
* * * THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. * * *
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017This Agreement when signed and dated by all parties shall be deemed to be made, accepted and delivered in the City and County of Los
Angeles, California, regardless of where the Agreement is executed by the parties.
 
MusclePharm Corporation
 
By: /s/Brad Pyatt  
  Name: Brad Pyatt  
  Title:CEO  
 
Dated: July 26, 2013
 
Marine MP, LLC
 
By: /s/ Paul Wachter  
  Name: Paul Wachter  
  Title: Manager  
 
Dated: July 26, 2013
 
By: /s/Arnold Schwarzenegger  
  Arnold Schwarzenegger  
 
Dated: July 26, 2013
 
Fitness Publications, Inc.
 
By: /s/Arnold Schwarzenegger  
  Name:  
  Title:  
 
Dated: July 26, 2013
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017EXHIBIT A
 
PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS
 
Promotional Products shall include the following products:
· T-Shirts;
· Golf Shirts;
· Hats;
· Visors;
· Wristbands and Headbands; and
· Shakers.
 
Each and every of the foregoing Promotional Products must be specifically approved in advance and in writing by the AS Parties and shall always
prominently include the MusclePharm logo or images of the Licensed Products.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Exhibit “B”
Royalty Statement
 
Company Name:MusclePharm Corporation
 
Licensee Address: 4721 Ironton Street, Unit A, Denver, Colorado 80239
 
For Quarter Ending:____________________
 
Customer
Name
  Item/SKU
Number or
Description
 
Invoice
Price
  No.
Units
Sold
 
Sales
Invoice
 
Less
Returns
 
Net
Sales
 
Royalty
Percentage
 
Royalty
Amount
 
Total Royalty Earned This Quarter:   $  
        
Total Earned Royalty To Date (This Contract Year):   $  
        
TOTAL   $  
        
Less Paid and Un-Recouped Minimum Guarantee:   $ ([ ])
        
Balance Due From the Company and Payable This Quarter:   $  
 
I hereby certify that the above is accurate and complete.
 
       
  Signature   Date
       
  Title    
       
  Printed Name    
 
Submit to:    
     
Name:    
Email:    
Tel:    
Date Received:    
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Exhibit “C”
 
Section (1)
 
Guaranteed Minimum Royalty during the initial Term:
 
Contract Year   Minimum Royalty   Timing of Payment
One   $1,500,000   $500,000 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2013; October 1,
2013; February 1, 2014
Two   $2,000,000   $666,666.66 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2014; October
1, 2014; February 1, 2015
Three   $2,500,000   $833,333.33 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2015; October
1, 2015; February 1, 2016
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Section (2)
 
Guaranteed Minimum Royalty during the First Additional Term:
 
In the event that the Renewal Threshold is achieved in the Third Contract Year, during the First Additional Term the Minimum Royalty and Timing
of Payment shall be as follows:
 
Contract Year   Minimum Royalty   Timing of Payment
Four   $2,500,000   $833,333.33 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2016; October
1, 2016; February 1, 2017
Five   $2,500,000   $833,333.33 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2017; October
1, 2017; February 1, 2018
Six   $2,500,000   $833,333.33 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2018; October
1, 2018; February 1, 2019
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Section (3)
 
Guaranteed Minimum Royalty during the Second Additional Term:
 
In the event that the Second Renewal Threshold is achieved in the Sixth Contract Year, during the Second Additional Term the Minimum Royalty
and Timing of Payment shall be as follows:
 
Contract Year   Minimum Royalty   Timing of Payment
Seven   $5,000,000   $1,666,666.66 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2019; October
1, 2019; February 1, 2020
Eight   $5,000,000   $1,666,666.66 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2020; October
1, 2020; February 1, 2021
Nine   $5,000,000   $1,666,666.66 payment due on the following dates: July 23, 2021; October
1, 2021; February 1, 2022
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Exhibit “D”
 
Endorser Expenses
 
MusclePharm shall be responsible for the following expenses:
· Exclusive private jet transportation (Netjets, or as otherwise indicated by Endorser) to be arranged through  M. Paul Wachter or Alex
Cohen;
· A first class suite at a hotel of Endorser’s choice;
· A security detail; and
· A reasonable per diem expense allowance while Endorser is on location.
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/2017Exhibit “E”
Approval Request Response
 
Tracking Number: _____________________
 
CONCEPT: ________________________________  Date: __________________
 
Approved. Supply pre-production sample as soon as available for approval.
 
Not approved, pending changes indicated. Re-submit concept sample for approval.
 
Not approved.
 
PRE-PRODUCTION SAMPLE: _____________________  Date: _____________
 
Approved. Supply production sample as soon as available for approval.
 
Not approved, pending changes indicated. Re-submit pre-production sample for approval.
 
Not approved.
 
PRODUCTION SAMPLE: _______________________  Date: ______________
 
Approved. Supply production sample for Arnold Schwarzenegger’s records.
 
Approved with changes for next production run – please re-submit.
 
Not approved, pending changes indicated. Re-submit production sample for approval.
 
Not approved. Cease all manufacture, sale, display, marketing, and distribution.
 
COMMENTS:
 
 
 
Signature:    
Title:    
 
 
 
Source: MUSCLEPHARM CORP, 10-K/A, 2/8/20171
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.17
                  PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                            "SONGS 4 WORSHIP SERIES"
                         EXCLUDING CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS
/1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for
    confidential treatment.
   2
                       INDEX TO THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS
         PAGE                      SECTION                     LINE(S)
         ----                      -------                     -------
                                                 
          1                          1(c)                    3, 4, and 5
          3                          3(a)              4, 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13
          4                          4(c)                     2, 4 and 5
          4                          4(d)                   2, 3, 4 and 5
          5                           5                           2
   3
                  PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
                            "SONGS 4 WORSHIP SERIES"
         This Agreement, entered into this the 10th day of January 2000 , by and
between INTEGRITY INCORPORATED , a Delaware corporation with principal offices at
1000 Cody Road, Mobile, Alabama ("Integrity") and TIME LIFE, INC., a Delaware
corporation d/b/a Time Life Music, with principal offices located at 2000 Duke
Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 ("TL"). The parties wish to produce a series
of recorded compilations and companion song books featuring praise and worship
repertoires, which will be co-branded and co-marketed throughout the world. Now,
therefore, the parties agree as follows:
1.       Product Concept and Creation.
         a.       Product description. The product to be created under the
                  series trade name "Songs 4 Worship" will be a praise and
                  worship continuity series, with each volume in the series
                  containing approximately 22 songs. Each volume will be
                  manufactured in Double CD, Double Cassette, and song book
                  formats, with standard double jewel boxes, inlays, booklets
                  and j-cards (the "Product"). TL and Integrity will jointly
                  develop the repertoire, and all repertoire selections are
                  subject to master, mechanical and print rights clearance in
                  accordance with the financial terms established below. The
                  exact songbook format, song selection and number of songbook
                  volumes has not yet been determined, and TL has no obligation
                  to sell any songbooks produced pursuant to this Agreement.
         b.       Branding. The Product will prominently display the "Songs 4
                  Worship" logo and trademark (or other logo as mutually
                  approved) and will also bear the labels of "Time Life Music"
                  and "Integrity Music" in equal proportion on the exterior of
                  Product packaging. The "Integrity Music" and "Time Life Music"
                  logos will be used on advertising whenever possible, and it is
                  understood that neither logo will be used without the other
                  with reference to the Product.
         c.       Integrity's responsibilities. Integrity will obtain master
                  lease and print agreements with all third party owners of
                  masters embodied in the Product at its own expense. Mechanical
                  rates will not exceed [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the
                  then-current statutory rate, and Print licenses will not
                  exceed a prorated portion of [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the
                  retail selling price, Integrity will also manufacture the
                  Product and sell to TL its requirements for resale.
---------------
/1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for
    confidential treatment.
   4
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001d.       TL's responsibilities. At its sole expense, TL will create all
                  artwork for Product covers and packaging, and furnish
                  Integrity with the same for manufacturing of the Products. All
                  such artwork will be subject to Integrity's reasonable
                  approval. (Integrity agrees to respond to any request for
                  approval within five (5) business days after Integrity's
                  receipt of request and samples.) In addition, TL will pay all
                  mastering expense required in preparation for manufacturing.
         e.       Shared expenses. The parties agree to share equally in costs
                  of additional products created (excluding the Product, and
                  song books, which such song books shall be created at
                  Integrity's sole discretion and expense), by mutual agreement
                  under the "Songs 4 Worship" branding.
2.       Marketing and Distribution.
         a.       Time Life Distribution. TL will hold exclusive worldwide
                  rights to promote and sell the product through the following
                  distribution channels: Outgoing telemarketing, General Market
                  retail, and General Market catalogs, and exclusive rights
                  within the United States for Television Direct response. TL
                  will have Internet and e-commerce rights with respect to its
                  own web site and other General Market e-commerce. In addition,
                  TL may cross-sell the products to its internal list by inserts
                  placed in mailings for other TL products and services (but
                  excluding direct mail campaigns for the Product.) TL may
                  obtain television and/or direct response rights in certain
                  international territories upon Integrity's agreement.
         b.       Integrity Distribution. Integrity will hold exclusive
                  worldwide rights to promote and sell the product to/through
                  the following distribution channels: Christian retail (CBA or
                  Christian Booksellers Association markets), direct mail
                  (including continuity sales, church sales, digital and
                  e-commerce sales.) Integrity will have Internet and e-commerce
                  rights with respect to its own web site and other Christian
                  e-commerce. Integrity shall have the right to license
                  distribution of the Product through all channels of
                  distribution throughout the remainder of the world.
         c.       Selling Price. The parties agree that the initial suggested
                  retail selling price for the products will be $19.95 for CD's,
                  $17.95 for Cassettes, and $19.95 for song books. Any change in
                  the suggested retail selling price will be mutually agreed by
                  the parties. The parties acknowledge that they cannot control
                  the prices set by independent retailers and resellers, but
                  agree that sales by the parties hereto via e-commerce will be
                  the same, and such will be mutually agreed.
                                       2
   5
         d.       Mailing Lists. The parties hereby agree that they will
                  mutually share mailing list data of purchasers of the products
                  created hereunder in exchange for names of equal value, (i.e.,
                  an expired name for an expired name, active buyer for active
                  buyer.) TL specifically agrees to supply Integrity with data
                  on former subscribers to its "Songs 4 Life" series, who have
                  subsequently canceled for the express purpose of soliciting
                  Product continuity subscriptions.
         e.       Retail release. The, parties will mutually agree upon the date
                  the products shall be released to retail (General Market and
                  CBA); and it is hereby agreed that such release shall be
                  simultaneous (i.e., television and direct response will have a
                  period of exclusivity before the products are available at
                  retail).
3.       Product sales to TL.
         a.       Integrity will, upon receipt of approved purchase orders from
                  TL, sell to TL in non-returnable box lot quantities, TL's
                  requirements products rates calculated on the following basis
                  (plus freight). The copyright royalty on recorded products is
                  based on [**]/1/% of the then current statutory mechanical
                  rate, and on song books, [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of the
                  retail selling price (prorated to each copyright holder).
                  Integrity may adjust the prices charged to TL on each volume
                  to accurately reflect the then-current royalty obligation to
                  all parties, including Integrity.
                                                                               CD           Cassette        Song book
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001---------       --------        ---------
                                                                                                   
                 Manufacturing                                              $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/
                 (May be adjusted if actual costs exceed above amounts)
                 Master Lease royalty                                         [**]/1/         [**]/1/         -None-
                 Copyright royalty                                            [**]/1/         [**]/1/         [**]/1/
                 (Based on 75% of $.075 statutory rate X 22)                -----           -----           -----
                                      Approximate Total                     $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/       $ [**]/1/
         b.       In consideration of the above pricing, TL guarantees to
                  purchase from Integrity a minimum of ten thousand (10,000)
                  units of each recorded Product during the first thirty-two
                  (32) months of release. TL's initial order for each recorded
                  Product shall be a minimum of five thousand (5,000) units.
---------------
/1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for
    confidential treatment.
                                       3
   6
         c.       TL may purchase from Integrity limited quantities of the
                  Product for its promotional use, at the Manufacturing cost set
                  forth in paragraph 3(a) above, provided the quantity of such
                  purchases does not exceed seven percent (7%) of the total
                  royalty bearing units of such Product title purchased by TL,
                  TL warrants that any units so purchased, whether or not
                  labeled "promotional only" or cut-out, will be given away for
                  purposes of promotion of the Products, and will not be sold.
                  If for any reason, Integrity and TL are subject to lower "free
                  goods" limits by any third party license, the foregoing shall
                  be adjusted to comply with any such license(s).
4.       Royalties payable by Integrity.
         a.       Integrity will pay and be responsible for all royalties due to
                  owners of the recorded masters, which such royalties will be
                  inclusive of all performer, artist, producer and other fees.
         b.       Integrity will pay and be responsible for all royalties to the
                  copyright owners of the compositions embodied in the recorded
                  masters (or song books), such royalties commonly known as
                  mechanical royalties or print royalties.
         c.       On sales of recorded products pursuant to this Agreement (less
                  any returns) Integrity will pay to TL royalties in the amount
                  of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and every unit of the product
                  sold by Integrity in the United States pursuant to this
                  Agreement, and [**]/1/ the foregoing rate or [**]/1/ percent
                  ([**]/1/%) of Integrity's net receipts, whichever is less, on
                  subject products outside the United States. For purposes of
                  this Agreement, "net receipts" shall be the amount received by
                  a party in the United States, after deduction of any exchange
                  fees, commissions, or expenses to collect.
         d.       On sales of printed products (song books) pursuant to this
                  Agreement (less any returns) Integrity will pay to TL
                  royalties in the amount of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and
                  every unit of the product sold by Integrity in the United
                  States pursuant to this Agreement, and [**]/1/ the foregoing
                  rate or [**]/1/ percent ([**]/1/%) of Integrity's net
                  receipts, whichever is less, on subject products outside the
                  United States. No royalties will be paid to TL on printed
                  products, until Integrity shall have recouped its
                  out-of-pocket production costs from such royalties payable to
                  TL pursuant to this subparagraph.
---------------
/1/ Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for
    confidential treatment.
                                       4
   7
5.       Royalties payable by TL. On sales of products pursuant to this
         Agreement (less any returns) TL will pay to Integrity royalties in the
         amount of [**]/1/ ($[**]/1/) for each and every unit of the product
         sold by it pursuant to this Agreement.
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/20016.       Accountings. Accounting statements and, if applicable, royalty payments
         for products sold will be rendered by each party quarterly within sixty
         (60) days after the expiration of each calendar quarter. Only products
         which have been paid or credited to the account of the seller shall be
         deemed sold. No royalties will be payable on the sales of any products
         by any third-party distributors or licensees until such time as
         accountings and payment or final credit therefor has been received by
         the paying party. Either party, at its sole expense, upon at least
         thirty (30) days written notice (and not more than once in respect of
         any accounting period) will have the right to inspect the other party's
         books regarding the obligations hereunder for a period of two (2) years
         from the date on which any statement is rendered. Such auditing party
         must make specific written objection within such two (2) year period.
         Thereafter, it will be deemed to have consented to any such statements
         or accountings which will then be considered an account stated as
         between the parties, not subject to any objection for any reason
         whatsoever. Provided the objecting party has made timely written
         objection, as aforesaid, such party may file an action regarding same
         within two (2) years and six (6) months after the applicable statement
         is rendered, after which time any such action will be deemed barred.
7.       Sound Recording Copyright and Trademark License.
         a.       Integrity Trademarks. Integrity hereby grants to TL the right
                  to use its "Integrity Music" name and logo ("the Integrity
                  Trademarks') in connection with the products produced during
                  the Term of this Agreement for as long as the parties continue
                  to sell and distribute such products at no additional cost to
                  TL, and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained
                  herein. TL will honor the notice requirement relating to the
                  Integrity Trademarks and will place such trademarks on all
                  products and advertising produced hereunder in accordance with
                  the applicable regulations and Integrity guidelines. Integrity
                  warrants that it has all rights to grant TL the right to use
                  the Integrity Trademarks and will indemnify and hold TL
                  harmless with respect thereto. TL recognizes Integrity's title
                  to the Integrity Trademarks and will not at any time do or
                  suffer to be done any act or thing which will in any way
                  impair Integrity's rights in and to the Integrity Trademarks.
                  It is understood that TL will not acquire and will not claim
                  any title to the Integrity Trademarks adverse to Integrity by
                  virtue of this license, or through TL's use of the Integrity
                  Trademarks.
---------------
/1/  Indicates information which has been redacted pursuant to a request for
     confidential treatment.
                                       5
   8
         b.       TL Trademarks. TL hereby grants to Integrity the right to use
                  its "TL Music" name and logo ("the TL Trademarks") in
                  connection with the products produced during the Term of this
                  Agreement for as long as the parties continue to sell and
                  distribute such products at no additional cost to Integrity,
                  and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained
                  herein. Integrity will honor the notice requirement relating
                  to the Integrity Trademarks and will place such trademarks on
                  all products and advertising produced hereunder in accordance
                  with the applicable regulations and TL guidelines. TL warrants
                  that it has all rights to grant Integrity the right to use the
                  TL Trademarks and will indemnify and hold Integrity harmless
                  with respect thereto. Integrity recognizes TL's title to the
                  TL Trademarks and will not at any time do or suffer to be done
                  any act or thing which will in any way impair TL's rights in
                  and to the TL Trademarks. It is understood that Integrity will
                  not acquire and will not claim any title to the TL Trademarks
                  adverse to TL by virtue of this license, or through
                  Integrity's use of the TL Trademarks.
         c.       Sound Recording Copyright. The parties hereby agree that the
                  copyright in the Product sound recording compilation will be
                  jointly registered by Integrity in the names of Integrity
                  and TL.
         d.       Series Trademark. TL will trademark the series name in joint
                  names of TL and Integrity.
8.       Term. This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and
         shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term"). Thereafter, the
         parties must mutually agree in writing to extend the term for
         additional periods of time.
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/20019.       Warranties; Suspension, Termination
         a.       Each party hereto warrants, represents, covenants and agrees
                  that it has the right and power to enter into this Agreement,
                  to grant the rights herein granted by it, and to perform the
                  services agreed to be performed by it hereunder, and that no
                  materials, ideas or other properties furnished or designated
                  by it is subject to any restriction whatsoever, or is
                  violative of the rights of any person, firm or corporation,
                  including, without limitation, contract rights, copyrights and
                  rights of privacy.
         b.       If, because of an act of God, inevitable accident, fire,
                  lockout, strike or other labor dispute, riot or civil
                  commotion, act of public enemy, enactment, rule, order or act
                  of any government or governmental instrumentality (whether
                  federal, state, local or foreign), failure of technical
                  facilities, failure or delay of transportation facilities,
                  illness or incapacity of any performer or producer, or other
                  cause of a similar or
                                       6
   9
                  different nature not reasonably within either party's control,
                  such party is materially hampered in the recording,
                  manufacture, distribution or sale of phonograph records, or
                  its normal business operations become commercially
                  impractical, then without limiting its rights, it will have
                  the option upon notice to suspend the Term of this Agreement
                  for the duration of any such contingency. In the event of a
                  suspension owing to a "force majeure," which suspension
                  exceeds six (6) consecutive months, the non-suspending party
                  may terminate this Agreement upon ten (10) days written notice
                  to other, but only if such "force majeure" does not affect a
                  substantial portion of the United States recording industry or
                  the suspension is not lifted by the suspending party within
                  ten (10) days of the receipt of the written notice from the
                  other party.
10.      Indemnification. Each party hereto agrees to indemnify the other party
         and save and hold the other harmless from any and all claims, causes of
         action, damages, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses (including
         legal costs and attorneys' fees) arising out of or connected with any
         claim, demand or action which is inconsistent with any of the
         warranties, representations, covenants or agreements which the
         indemnifying party has made in this Agreement. Pending the
         determination and settlement of any such claim, demand or action, the
         non-indemnifying party will have the right, at its election, to
         withhold payment to you of any monies otherwise payable hereunder, in
         an amount reasonably related to that claim, demand or action, and its
         estimated costs and expenses (including legal costs and attorneys'
         fees) in connection therewith.
11.      Notices. The respective addresses for each party for all purposes
         hereunder are set forth on page 1 hereof, unless and until notice of a
         different address is received by the party being notified of a change
         of address. All notices will be in writing and will either be served by
         personal delivery (to an officer of each company), by mail or by
         telegraph, in each case with all charges prepaid. Notices will be
         deemed effective when personally delivered, mailed certified mail or
         similar delivery requiring a signature upon delivery, all charges
         prepaid, except for notice of change of address, which will be
         effective only when received by the party notified. A copy of each
         notice to Integrity will be simultaneously sent to Business & Legal
         Affairs, Integrity Incorporated, 1000 Cody Road, Mobile, AL 36695, and
         a copy of each notice to TL will be simultaneously sent to Law and
         Business Affairs, Time Life Music, 2000 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA
         22314. The failure to send courtesy copies of notices will not be
         deemed a breach of this Agreement nor will it diminish the
         effectiveness of such notice.
12.      Assignment. Either party may, at its election, assign this Agreement or
         any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, in
         whole or in part, to any person, firm or corporation owning or
         acquiring all or a substantial portion of its assets, to any person,
         firm or corporation that is related to it as an affiliate,
                                       7
   10
         subsidiary or otherwise, or to any person, firm or corporation into
         which or with it might merge or consolidate. In the event of such an
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001assignment by either party of its rights to an unrelated third party,
         the other party shall be given written notice, then in such event the
         other party may upon six-months (6-months) written notice terminate
         this Agreement.
13.      Miscellaneous
         a.       This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the
                  parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and
                  cannot be changed or terminated except by an instrument signed
                  by the party to be bound. A waiver by either party of any term
                  or condition of this Agreement in any instance will not be
                  deemed or construed as a waiver of such term or condition for
                  the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof. All remedies,
                  rights, undertakings, obligations, and agreements contained in
                  this Agreement will be cumulative and none of them will be in
                  limitation of any other remedy, right, undertaking, obligation
                  or agreement of either party. The headings of the paragraphs
                  hereof are for convenience only and will not be deemed to
                  limit or in any way affect the scope, meaning or intent of
                  this Agreement or any portion thereof.
         b.       This Agreement has been entered into in the State of
                  Tennessee, and the validity, interpretation and legal effect
                  of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
                  Tennessee applicable to contracts entered into and performed
                  entirely within the State of Tennessee. The venue for any
                  controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
                  Agreement or breach thereof, shall be the appropriate state
                  and federal courts located in Nashville, Tennessee.
                  Accordingly, each party hereto consents and submits to the
                  jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party in any such
                  dispute arising hereunder will be entitled to recover from the
                  other party its reasonable attorneys' fees in connection
                  therewith in addition to the costs thereof.
         c.       If any part of this Agreement will be determined to be invalid
                  or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or by
                  any other legally constituted body having jurisdiction to make
                  such determination, the remainder of this Agreement will
                  remain in full force and effect.
         d.       EACH PARTY HAS BEEN REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL
                  OR HAS HAD THE UNRESTRICTED OPPORTUNITY TO BE REPRESENTED BY
                  INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE FOR PURPOSES OF
                  ADVISING IT IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEGOTIATION AND EXECUTION
                  OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF EITHER PARTY HAS NOT BEEN
                                       8
   11
                  REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE IN
                  CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND
                  AGREES THAT ITS FAILURE TO BE REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL
                  COUNSEL IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT WAS DETERMINED
                  SOLELY BY IT.
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed below.
INTEGRITY INCORPORATED                      TIME LIFE, INC.
Tax ID#63-0952549                           Tax ID#
                                                   -----------------------------
By: /s/ Jerry W. Weimer                     By: /s/ Mark Stevens
    -----------------------------------         --------------------------------
    Jerry W. Weimer, Ex. Vice President         Mark Stevens, President
    Chief Operating Officer
By: /s/ Don Mayes
    -----------------------------------
    Don Mayes, Director
    Business and Legal Affairs
                                      9
Source: INTEGRITY MEDIA INC, 10-K405, 3/29/2001[Confidential Treatment Requested]
                                                                   Exhibit 10.11
                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT
        This Co-Branding Agreement (this "Agreement") dated March 3, 2000 (the
"Effective Date") is entered into between VerticalNet, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation having a principal place of business at 700 Dresher Road, Suite 100,
Horsham, Pennsylvania, 19044 ("VerticalNet"), and Impresse Corporation , a
California Corporation, having a principal place of business at 1309 South Mary
Avenue, Sunnyvale, California, 94087 ("Impresse").
                                   BACKGROUND
       WHEREAS, VerticalNet owns and operates a series of Online Communities
(defined below) that are accessible via the World Wide Web, each of which is
designed to be an online gathering place for businesses of a certain type or
within a certain industry; and
       WHEREAS, Impresse desires to provide its commercial printing services
(the "Impresse Services") to Users (defined below) of VerticalNet Sites (defined
below); and
       WHEREAS, Impresse and VerticalNet desire to create Co-Branded Site
(defined below) where users will be able to register to review and utilize the
Impresse Services and to promote such Co-Branded Site on VerticalNet Sites.
        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, VerticalNet and Impresse agree as follows:
1.  DEFINITIONS
     1.1. AFFILIATE shall mean, when used with reference to a party, any
individual or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such party. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of a party, or the right to control the policy decisions of such
party.
     1.2. BANNER shall mean a graphical image advertising the Impresse Site that
is posted in an area reasonably designated by VerticalNet for similar banner
advertisements and shall contain a Link (defined below) to the Co-Branded Site.
     1.3. CO-BRANDED CONTENT shall mean all materials, data and similar
information presented on the pages of the Co-Branded Site.
     1.4. CO-BRANDED SITE shall mean the Site (defined below) that contains both
a Frame (defined below) and a Window (defined below) which includes the Impresse
Area (defined below) and the VerticalNet Area (defined below) of the Co-Branded
Site.
     1.5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION shall mean, subject to the provisions of
Section 7.2  [EXCLUSIONS], all proprietary and confidential information of a party, including,
without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, business information,
sales information, customer and potential customer lists and identities, product
sales plans, sublicense agreements, inventions, developments, discoveries,
software, know-how, methods, techniques, formulae, data, processes and other
trade secrets and proprietary ideas, whether or not protectable under patent,
trademark, copyright or other areas of law, that the other party has access to
or receives. For purposes of this Agreement,
                                      1
* Represents confidential information for which Impresse Corporation is
seeking confidential treatment with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
the Co-Branded Content shall not be considered Confidential Information of
Impresse. For purposes of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be considered
Confidential Information.
     1.6. E-COMMERCE CENTER shall mean a web page on a VerticalNet Site which is
customized by VerticalNet to include a vendor's information, including the
vendor's branding; a Link to the vendor's catalog, auction item listings; the
vendor's career center including employment information; archives of; and Links
to other related content locations.
     1.7. FRAME shall mean a portion of a Web page which surrounds a Window on
the top and left.
     1.8. IMPRESSE AREA shall mean the Window portion of the Impresse Site
(defined below) less the Frame that will be placed around the Window of the
Co-Branded Site.
     1.9. IMPRESSE MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,
domain name, design or logo of Impresse or its Affiliates.
     1.10. IMPRESSE SITE shall mean the Site located at www.impresse.com (and
any successor Site thereto).
     1.11. IMPRESSE-VERTICALNET REVENUE shall have the meaning defined in
Section 4.6.2  [REVENUE SHARING].
     1.12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY shall mean any and all trade secrets, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, URLs, trade dress, brand features,
know-how and similar rights of any type under the laws of any applicable
governmental authority, including, without limitation, all applications and
registrations relating to any of the foregoing.
     1.13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS shall mean all rights in and to
Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, all patent rights,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, know-how and trade secrets.
     1.14. LAUNCH DATE shall mean the day on which the Co-Branded Site and the
V-Solutions Area become fully operational and generally available on the
Internet.
     1.15. LINK shall mean a link, including but not limited to a hyperlink,
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000button or banner, that connects two Sites in a manner so that when a User
clicks on the link, the User is transferred directly from one Site to a
second Site.
     1.16. NEWSLETTER shall mean a text message containing information
supplied by Impresse and approved by VerticalNet (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld) that is transmitted via e-mail to Users of the
VerticalNet Sites who have provided their e-mail addresses to VerticalNet
along with permission to transmit such messages to the e-mail address.
     1.17. ONLINE COMMUNITY shall mean a VerticalNet Site that acts as a
comprehensive source of information, dialogue and commerce for and links to
E-Commerce Centers and other Sites for a particular industry or service
market.
                                      2
     1.18. PROPRIETARY FEATURE shall mean any name, trademark, service mark,
trade name, domain name, navigational element, copyright, or logo which is
proprietary to Impresse and/or VerticalNet, as appropriate.
     1.19. SITE shall mean a site located on the World Wide Web portion of the
Internet.
     1.20. TERM shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1  [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL]
     1.21. URL shall mean a universal resource locator used for the purpose of
identifying a Site located on the Internet.
     1.22. USER shall mean a single person who accesses and views a Site whether
directly from a web browser or through a Link.
     1.23. USER DATA shall mean all data generated by an Internet server that
relates to file requests, user identification, transaction logs, session times
and other information regarding the Users generated or collected by or through a
Co-Branded Site, but excluding any information that relates or refers to a
particular project of such User.
     1.24. V-SOLUTIONS AREA shall mean a hub page accessible via a Link from the
home page of each VerticalNet Site which shall contain a list of categories of
business services, with each category further listing entities that provide such
services. Each individual company listing shall contain a Link to a Web page
hosted by VerticalNet that describes such company and the services it offers.
The V-Solutions Area will also feature the V-Solutions Link (defined below).
     1.25. V-SOLUTIONS LINK shall mean the Link from the V-Solutions Area to the
Co-Branded Site.
     1.26. VERTICALNET AREA shall mean the Frame area of the Co-Branded Site.
     1.27. VERTICALNET MARK shall mean any trademark, service mark, trade name,
domain name, design or logo of VerticalNet.
     1.28. VERTICALNET-IMPRESSE USERS shall have the meaning defined in Section
4.6.1  ["VerticalNet Impresse Users"]
     1.29. VERTICALNET SITE shall mean a Site owned and operated by VerticalNet
in the United States or a portion of such Site designated by VerticalNet.
     1.30. WINDOW shall mean a portion of a Web page that is surrounded by a
Frame.
     1.31. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT shall mean with respect to any computer software
that to the extent that such software contains date-dependent functionality,
will: (1) contain four digit year codes, (2) properly process dates and date
values before, through and beyond January 1, 2000, including date calculations
with dates both before and after January 1, 2000, and (3) not suffer any impact
on performance as a result of dates beyond January 1, 2000; provided, however,
that for this warranty to apply the operating systems on which such software is
being run, and any network servers, Web browsers, databases and other software
that is used in conjunction with such software must also be Year 2000 Compliant
as defined herein.
                                      3
2.   CO-BRANDED SITE
     2.1. Impresse shall be responsible for: (a) the design, layout,
development, hosting and maintenance of the Impresse Area of the Co-Branded
Site; (b) providing VerticalNet with reasonable instructions and information
regarding the Impresse Services; (c) providing a tabbed area prominently
featured in a user interface within the Impresse Area of the Co-Branded Site
that points to a VerticalNet Online Community or Online Communities; (d)
modifying the Impresse online registration forms and system available on the
Co-Branded Site to require Impresse users to identify and match their business
activities with a VerticalNet Online Community or Online Communities; and (e)
providing VerticalNet with the URL addresses for the Co-Branded Site.
     2.2. VerticalNet shall be responsible for: (a) the design, layout,
development, hosting and maintenance of the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded
Site; and (b) the design, layout, development, hosting and maintenance of the
V-Solutions Link.
     2.3. Beginning on the Launch Date and continuing during the Term,
VerticalNet shall display the V-Solutions Area on the VerticalNet Sites.
VerticalNet shall likewise, during the Term, implement and maintain the
V-Solutions Link.
     2.4. Beginning on the Launch Date and continuing during the Term,
VerticalNet shall not place advertising relating to the commercial printing
entities listed on Exhibit "A," or other such entities subsequently identified
by Impresse, on the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site.
     2.5. Impresse hereby grants to VerticalNet a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, right and license to link to the Impresse Area
of the Co-Branded Site. Impresse shall permit Users who access the Co-Branded
Site to access and use Co-Branded Content from the Co-Branded Site for the
personal use of such Users in accordance with the then-current terms of
Impresse's standard license agreement governing the use of such Co-Branded
Content.
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/20002.6. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as preventing Impresse or
VerticalNet from developing other co-branded versions of their materials, data,
information and content.
3.   ONGOING SUPPORT
     3.1. Impresse shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to all
support requests by VerticalNet relating to the Co-Branded Site within one
Business Day (as defined below) of Impresse's receipt of such notification.
Impresse shall use reasonable efforts to cure the reported problem as soon as
reasonably possible. VerticalNet shall provide Impresse with all information
reasonably requested by Impresse in connection with a reported problem for which
VerticalNet is requesting support under this Section 3.1  [ONGOING SUPPORT]. VerticalNet shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to respond to all support requests by Impresse
relating to the Co-Branded Site within one Business Day (as defined below) of
VerticalNet's receipt of such notification. VerticalNet shall use reasonable
efforts to cure the reported problem as soon as reasonably possible. Impresse
shall provide VerticalNet with all information reasonably requested by
VerticalNet in connection with a reported problem for which Impresse is
requesting support under this Section 3.1  [ONGOING SUPPORT].
                                      4
                                              [Confidential Treatment Requested]
     3.2. Impresse will identify to VerticalNet primary and secondary contacts
who will be familiar with the Co-Branded Site and this Agreement. VerticalNet
will identify to Impresse primary and secondary contacts who will be familiar
with the Co-Branded Site and this Agreement.
     3.3. VerticalNet shall have access to technical support from Impresse by
telephone from 8 a.m. Pacific Standard Time to 5 p.m. Pacific Standard Time,
Monday through Friday, Impresse holidays excluded (each a "Business Day,"
collectively "Business Days"). Impresse shall have access to technical support
from VerticalNet by telephone from 6 a.m. Eastern Standard Time to 6 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday, VerticalNet holidays excluded.
4.   THE COMMERCIAL TERMS
     4.1. DEVELOPMENT FEES. For the design, development and integration of the
V-Solutions Area and the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site, Impresse shall
pay to VerticalNet a one-time, nonrefundable development fee in the amount of
[*] payable on the Effective Date.
     4.2. SLOTTING FEES. For the display of the V-Solutions Area and the
V-Solutions Link, Impresse shall pay to VerticalNet a slotting fee in the amount
of [*] payable pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5  [PAYMENT TERMS].
     4.3. BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT. During the Term of this
Agreement, Impresse agrees to purchase from VerticalNet Banners and
Newsletters for a total price of at least $[*] as set forth below in this
Section 4.3  [BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT] . All prices for such Banners and Newsletters shall be offered to
Impresse at a [*]% discount off of VerticalNet's then current prices for
similar Banners or Newsletters. All purchases shall be subject to
VerticalNet's standard terms and conditions governing advertising on
VerticalNet Sites. Impresse agrees to purchase at least $[*] of such Banners
and Newsletters in each calendar quarter after the Effective Date until a
total of $[*] have been purchased, provided, the total dollar amount
purchased by Impresse in any calendar quarter shall not consist of greater
than 70% of either Banners or Newsletters. Payment of the fees set forth in
this Section shall be made pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5  [PAYMENT TERMS].
     4.4. HOSTING FEE. Impresse shall pay VerticalNet a service fee of $[*]
for the hosting and maintenance of the Co-Branded Site and the V-Solutions Link,
payable pursuant to the terms of Section 4.5  [PAYMENT TERMS].
     4.5. PAYMENT TERMS. Impresse shall pay the fees set forth in Sections
4.2  [SLOTTING FEES], 4.3  [BANNER/NEWSLETTER PURCHASE COMMITMENT]  and 4.4  [HOSTING FEE] as an aggregate, totaling $[*] payable in four equal
quarterly installments of $[*] beginning on May 31, 2000 and thereafter on
August 31, 2000 November 30, 2000 and February 28, 2001, respectively.
     4.6. REVENUE SHARING. Impresse shall pay VerticalNet [*]of Impresse
VerticalNet Revenue accruing during the term of this Agreement, payable to
VerticalNet on or before the thirtieth day of the calendar quarter
immediately following the quarter in which such revenue was collected by
Impresse. Such payments shall be accompanied by a statement containing
reasonable detail of the type and number of transactions from which the
Impresse
                                      5
* Represents confidential information for which Impresse Corporation is
seeking confidential treatment with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
VerticalNet Revenue was derived, the total Impresse VerticalNet Revenue for such
period and the total fees payable to VerticalNet pursuant to this Section 4.6  [REVENUE SHARING].
        4.6.1. "VerticalNet Impresse Users" are the Users that register with
Impresse through the Co-Branded Site, but specifically excluding those Users
who have previously registered with Impresse other than through the
Co-Branded Site.
        4.6.2. The "Impresse VerticalNet Revenue" is Impresse's total net
transaction and subscription revenues collected by Impresse during the term
of this Agreement from VerticalNet Impresse Users.
        4.6.3. If government regulations prevent Impresse from sharing any
revenues associated with Impresse Services, VerticalNet and Impresse shall
negotiate in good faith a compensation structure that seeks to provide
VerticalNet with compensation equal to that set forth in Section 4.6  [REVENUE SHARING].
     4.7. TAXES. All payments required under this Agreement are exclusive of
federal, state, local and foreign taxes, duties, tariffs, levies and similar
assessments. When applicable, such taxes shall appear as separate items on a
party's invoice or statement to the other party. Payment of such taxes or
charges shall be the responsibility of the party whose obligation it is under
this Agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxes are assessed,
excluding any taxes based upon the other party's net income. In lieu thereof, a
party shall provide the other party with a tax or levy exemption certificate
acceptable to the taxing or levying authority.
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/20004.8. AUDITS. During the term of this Agreement and for one year thereafter,
VerticalNet shall have the right to appoint a certified public accountant to
audit Impresse's financial records relating to such payment to verify the
accuracy of Impresse's financial records in order to verify the amount of the
payments owed and/or paid hereunder, but no more frequently than once per year.
If the amount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet was underpaid, the additional
amount owed shall be paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such
underpayment to Impresse. If the amount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet was
underpaid in excess of 10% of the amount owed, the fees of such audit shall also
be paid to VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such to Impresse. If the
amount owed by Impresse to VerticalNet was overpaid, the excess amount paid
shall be returned by VerticalNet within 15 days of notice of such overpayment.
VerticalNet shall give reasonable advance notice to Impresse of such audit and
each audit shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause unreasonable
disruption to the conduct of business by Impresse. The results of any such audit
shall be deemed to be Confidential Information and may not be disclosed by
either party or its certified public accountants except as may be necessary to
enforce such party's rights.
     4.9. INTEREST. All payments not paid by the date such payments are due
shall bear interest from the due date to the date payments are actually paid at
the lower of (i) 1% per month or (ii) the maximum rate permitted by law.
5.   TERMINATION AND RENEWAL
     5.1. The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall
end fifteen months therefrom.
                                      6
     5.2. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written
notice to the other party in the event of any material breach of a term of this
Agreement by such other party that remains uncured 30 days after written notice
of such breach was received by such other party or, if the breach is not
reasonably capable of cure within 30 days, such longer period, not to exceed 60
days, so long as the cure is commenced within the 30-day period and thereafter
is diligently prosecuted to completion as soon as possible and in any event
within 60 days.
     5.3. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, (i) Impresse shall
no longer have the right to use any VerticalNet Mark, (ii) VerticalNet shall no
longer have the right to use any Impresse Mark; (iii) Impresse may no longer
make any Co-Branded Content available for access and use through the Co-Branded
Site; (iv) VerticalNet shall cease framing the Window in the Co-Branded Site;
(v) VerticalNet shall remove the V-Solutions Link from the V-Solutions Area; and
(vi) VerticalNet shall cease displaying or transmitting all Banners and
Newsletters of Impresse.
     5.4. Following expiration or termination of this Agreement, the terms and
provisions of Article 4  [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS]  above shall continue to govern Impresse's payment
obligations for any payment obligations accruing during the term of this
Agreement. Following termination, Impresse shall provide VerticalNet with a
final accounting with respect to this Agreement and tender payment of amounts
due under Article 4  [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS]  at the next scheduled payment date.
6.   DISPUTE RESOLUTION
     6.1. NEGOTIATION AND ESCALATION. If any controversy or claim arises
relating to this Agreement, the parties will attempt in good faith to negotiate
a solution to their differences, including progressively escalating any
controversy or claim through senior levels of management. If negotiation does
not result in a resolution within 30 days of the date one party first notifies
the other of the controversy or claim, either party may resort to arbitration
under Section 6.2  [ARBITRATION].
     6.2. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim between the parties concerning
any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or performance or nonperformance
of any obligation under this Agreement which cannot be resolved by negotiation
will be resolved by binding arbitration under this Section 6.2  [ARBITRATION] and the
then-current Commercial Rules and supervision of the American Arbitration
Association (the "AAA"). If any part of this Section 6.2  [ARBITRATION] is held to be
unenforceable, it will be severed and will not affect either the duty to
arbitrate or any other part of this Section 6.2  [ARBITRATION]. The arbitration will be held
before a sole disinterested arbitrator who is knowledgeable in business
information and the Internet and experienced in handling commercial disputes.
The arbitrator shall be appointed jointly by the parties hereto within 30 days
following the date on which the arbitration is instituted. If the parties are
unable to agree upon the arbitrator within such 30-day period, the AAA shall be
instructed to select such arbitrator within 15 days thereafter. The arbitrator's
award will be final and binding and may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive or
exemplary damages, or any damages excluded by, or in excess of, any damage
limitations expressed in this Agreement. Issues of arbitrability will be
determined in accordance solely with the federal substantive and procedural laws
relating to arbitration; in all other respects, the arbitrator will be obligated
to apply and follow the substantive law of the State of Delaware.
                                      7
     6.3. EQUITABLE RELIEF. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, in the event of an alleged violation of Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY] of this Agreement
by either party, the party alleging such a violation may seek temporary and
permanent injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court of
competent jurisdiction pending appointment of an arbitrator. The party
requesting such relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of the
dispute, and shall request that the AAA proceed under its rules for an expedited
hearing.
     6.4. COSTS. Unless the arbitrator, if any, determines otherwise, each party
will bear its own attorneys' fees and other costs associated with the
negotiation and arbitration provided for by this Article 6  [DISPUTE RESOLUTION] , except that costs
and expenses regarding the arbitrators shall be shared equally. If court
proceedings to stay litigation or compel arbitration are necessary, the party
who unsuccessfully opposes such proceedings will pay all associated costs,
expenses and attorneys' fees that are reasonably incurred by the other party. To
the extent that any claim in arbitration relates to the collection of amounts
owed under Article 4  [THE COMMERCIAL TERMS] , the party entitled to collect such amounts shall be
entitled to recover all reasonable costs of collection, including expenses and
attorneys' fees that are incurred.
     6.5. TWO YEAR LIMITATION. Except for claims under Sections 9.4  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE]  and 9.5  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET]
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000hereof, neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising
out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or
misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or
becomes known, whichever is later.
     6.6. CONFIDENTIALITY. In order to facilitate the resolution of
controversies or claims between the parties with respect to each party hereto,
such controversies or claims, including details regarding negotiations,
arbitration and settlement terms, shall be treated as Confidential Information
of the other party hereto in accordance with Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY].
     6.7. REMEDIAL MEASURES. In the event of (a) any material remediable breach
of this Agreement by the other party which remains uncured 30 days after notice
of such breach was received by the other party or (b) any material breach which
cannot be cured, the non-breaching party may take reasonable remediable measures
upon prior written notice and at the cost and expense of the breaching party
without prejudice and in addition to any other rights arising from such breach.
In addition, the non-breaching party shall take reasonable steps to mitigate
damages arising out of such breach.
7.   CONFIDENTIALITY
     7.1. CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. Except as permitted elsewhere under this
Agreement, each party agrees to take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) (a) to
receive and maintain the Confidential Information of the other party in
confidence and (b) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any third
parties, provided, the receiving party may disclose such Confidential
Information to its employees, representatives and agents who have a need to know
such information for purposes of carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
Neither party hereto shall use all or any part of the Confidential Information
of the other party for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under
this Agreement. The parties will take Reasonable Steps (as defined below) to
ensure that their employees, representatives and agents comply with this
provision. As used herein, "Reasonable Steps" means at least the same degree of
care that the
                                      8
receiving party uses to protect its own Confidential Information, and, in no
event, not less than reasonable care.
     7.2. EXCLUSIONS. "Confidential Information" does not include information
that (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving
party; (b) was already known to the receiving party at the time it was disclosed
to the receiving party, as evidenced by records of the receiving party; (c) is
independently developed by employees of the receiving party who had no knowledge
of or access to such information, as evidenced by records of the receiving
party; (d) is received from a third party who is under no obligation of
confidentiality to the disclosing party; or (e) must be disclosed pursuant to
applicable laws, rules or regulations; provided, however, that the receiving
party first gives the disclosing party notice and a reasonable opportunity to
secure confidential protection of such Confidential Information.
     7.3. TERMINATION. Subject to Section 10.11  [SURVIVAL], upon termination of this
Agreement, all Confidential Information shall be returned to the disclosing
party or, at the request of the disclosing party, destroyed unless otherwise
specified or permitted elsewhere under this Agreement. Subject to Section 7.6  [USER DATA],
the confidentiality obligations contained in this Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY] shall survive
termination of this Agreement for a period of three years.
     7.4. INJUNCTION. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of
this Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY] are reasonable and necessary to protect the other party's
interests in its Confidential Information, that any breach of the provisions of
this Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY] may result in irreparable harm to such other party, and that the
remedy at law for such breach may be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of
any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY] by a party
hereto, the other party, in addition to any other relief available to it at law,
in equity or otherwise, shall be entitled to seek temporary and permanent
injunctive relief restraining the breaching party from engaging in and/or
continuing any conduct that would constitute a breach of this Article 7  [CONFIDENTIALITY], without
posting a bond or other security.
     7.5. PUBLICITY. Neither party will originate any press release concerning
the relationship between the parties or the transactions described in this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as
soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, VerticalNet and
Impresse shall jointly issue a press release with respect to entering into this
Agreement.
     7.6. USER DATA. Impresse shall provide VerticalNet with User Data on each
User that submits information through the Co-Branded Site by sending an email
with such information to an email address designated by VerticalNet at the time
the request occurs. User Data shall be maintained by each Party as Confidential
Information of the other Party during the Term and 5 years thereafter, provided
such User Data may be disclosed only as part of an aggregation or analysis of
all User Data but not as independent data. Upon termination of the Agreement,
VerticalNet and Impresse shall jointly own all User Data. Neither Party shall
use the User Data other than in accordance with the VerticalNet privacy policy
and all applicable laws during the Term and thereafter.
                                      9
8.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
     8.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each party hereby represents,
covenants and warrants that:
             8.1.1. It has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement
and to grant the rights and licenses granted herein and to otherwise perform
this Agreement;
             8.1.2. It is not a party to any agreement or understanding and
knows of no law or regulation that would prohibit it from entering into and
performing this Agreement or that would conflict with this Agreement;
             8.1.3. When executed and delivered by it, this Agreement will
constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against
it in accordance with this Agreement's terms, except as enforcement may be
limited by laws or regulations relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and
creditors rights or by principles of equity;
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/20008.1.4. The portions of the Co-Branded Site provided by such
party are and will continue to be Year 2000 Compliant;
             8.1.5. To the best of its knowledge, the portions of the
Co-Branded Site provided by such party and its own Site do not and will not
(i) contain any known viruses, Trojan Horse, worm or harmful code the purpose
of which is to disable or interrupt the operating of a computer system or
destroy, erase or otherwise harm any data, software or hardware, (ii) contain
any false, misleading, libelous or defamatory statements, (iii) constitute an
invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity of any third party, (iv)
violate any applicable laws, rules and regulations or (v) infringe, violate
or misappropriate any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
9.   DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION
     9.1. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES BY VERTICALNET. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSELY SET
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, VERTICALNET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE VERTICALNET SITES, THE V-SOLUTIONS
AREA, THE V-SOLUTIONS LINK AND THE VERTICALNET AREA OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. VERTICALNET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL
WARRANTIES AS TO THE USER INTERFACE OR USER EXPERIENCE ASSOCIATED WITH THE
VERTICALNET SITES AND RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MODIFY THE
PLACEMENT OF ALL LINKS, URLS AND PROPRIETARY FEATURES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT
IN THE EVENT VERTICALNET REDESIGNS THE USER INTERFACE, SUCH LINKS, URLS AND
PROPRIETARY FEATURES SHALL RECEIVE MUTUALLY AGREEABLE PLACEMENT SUBSTANTIALLY
SIMILAR TO THE ORIGINAL DESIGN.
                                      10
     9.2. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES BY IMPRESSE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH
IN THIS AGREEMENT, IMPRESSE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPRESSE AREA OF THE CO-BRANDED SITE AND
THE IMPRESSE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
     9.3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH BY EITHER
PARTY OF ARTICLE 7 OR SECTION 8.1.5  [REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES]  (v) AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF
IMPRESSE UNDER SECTION 9.4(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE]  AND THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF
VERTICALNET UNDER SECTION 9.5(i)(d)  [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] , NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.
     9.4. INDEMNIFICATION BY IMPRESSE. Subject to Section 9.6  [PROCEDURE], Impresse shall
(i) defend at its sole expense VerticalNet and its officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation brought by a third party and caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by Impresse of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it in Section 8 of this
Agreement, (b) negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of
Impresse or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c) any
claim arising out of VerticalNet's authorized use or possession of the portions
of the Co-Branded Site provided by Impresse and the Impresse Site as permitted
by this Agreement; or (d) any claim that any portion of the Impresse Site or the
Impresse Area of the Co-Branded Site violates, infringes or misappropriates any
Intellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) pay all authorized
costs, expenses and disbursements incurred in such defense, and any damages,
liabilities, obligations, penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, or
any settlement amount agreed to by Impresse.
     9.5. INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET. Subject to Section 9.6  [PROCEDURE], VerticalNet
shall (i) defend at its sole expense Impresse and its officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation brought by a third party, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising out of or in connection with (a) any breach by VerticalNet of the
representations, warranties or agreements made by it in Section 8 of this
Agreement, (b) negligence, recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of
VerticalNet or its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants, (c)
any claim arising out of Impresse's use or possession of the portions of the
Co-Branded Site provided by VerticalNet and the VerticalNet Sites as permitted
by this Agreement; or (d) any claim that any portion of the VerticalNet Site or
the VerticalNet Area of the Co-Branded Site violates, infringes or
misappropriates any Intellectual Property Right of any third party and (ii) pay
all costs, expenses and disbursements authorized by the Indemnitor (defined
below) incurred in such defense, and any damages, liabilities, obligations,
penalties or judgments awarded in any such action, or any settlement amount
agreed to by VerticalNet.
                                      11
     9.6. PROCEDURE. If any action shall be brought against a party in respect
to which indemnity may be sought from the other party pursuant to the provisions
of this Article 9  [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...] , the party seeking indemnity (the "Indemnitee") shall follow
the procedures in this Section. If an Indemnitee receives any notice of a claim
or other allegation with respect to which the other party (the "Indemnitor") has
an obligation of indemnity hereunder, then the Indemnitee will, within 15 days
of receipt of such notice, give the Indemnitor written notice of such claim or
allegation setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
surrounding the claim. The Indemnitee will not make any payment or incur any
costs or expenses with respect to such claim, except as requested by the
Indemnitor or as necessary to comply with this procedure. The Indemnitee will
not make any admission of liability or take any other action that limits the
ability of the Indemnitor to defend the case. The Indemnitor shall immediately
assume the full control of the defense or settlement of such claim or
allegation, including the selection and employment of counsel, and shall pay all
authorized costs and expenses of such defense. The Indemnitee will fully
cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnitor, in the defense or settlement of the
claim. The Indemnitee shall have the right, at its own expense, to employ
separate counsel and participate in the defense or settlement of the claim;
provided that the Indemnitor shall have no liability for costs or expenses
incurred by the Indemnitee, except to the extent authorized by the Indemnitor
pursuant to this procedure.
     9.7. ESSENTIAL PART OF BARGAIN. The parties acknowledge that the
disclaimers and limitations set forth in this Article 9  [DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LI...]  are an essential element
of this Agreement between the parties and that the parties would not have
entered into this Agreement without such disclaimers and limitations.
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/200010.  MISCELLANEOUS
     10.1. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .
             10.1.1. Except for the express rights granted to Impresse under
this Agreement, Impresse acknowledges and agrees that the Intellectual
Property of VerticalNet is and shall remain the sole property of VerticalNet
and nothing in this Agreement shall confer in Impresse any right of ownership
or license rights in VerticalNet's Intellectual Property. In addition,
Impresse shall not now or in the future contest the validity of VerticalNet's
ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that Impresse may
contest the validity of VerticalNet's Intellectual Property in any proceeding
brought against Impresse alleging infringement or misappropriation of
VerticalNet's Intellectual Property.
             10.1.2. Except for the express rights granted to VerticalNet
under this Agreement, VerticalNet acknowledges and agrees that the
Intellectual Property of Impresse is and shall remain the sole property of
Impresse and nothing in this Agreement shall confer in VerticalNet any right
of ownership or license rights in Impresse's Intellectual Property. In
addition, VerticalNet shall not now or in the future contest the validity of
Impresse's ownership of its Intellectual Property; provided, however, that
VerticalNet may contest the validity of Impresse's Intellectual Property in
any proceeding brought against VerticalNet alleging infringement or
misappropriation of Impresse's Intellectual Property.
                                      12
     10.2. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
under the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law
provisions.
     10.3. NO ASSIGNMENT. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither party
shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder,
in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the
prior written consent of the other party, which consent may be withheld at the
other party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either
party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other to
an Affiliate of such party, or to the surviving party in a merger or
consolidation, or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets.
     10.4. GOOD FAITH. The parties undertake to display to each other the utmost
good faith, consistent with their respective rights and obligations set forth in
this Agreement.
     10.5. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. In connection with this Agreement, each
party is an independent contractor. This Agreement does not, and shall not be
construed to, create an employer-employee, agency, joint venture or partnership
relationship between the parties. Neither party shall have any authority to act
for or to bind the other party in any way, to alter any of the terms or
conditions of any of the other party's standard forms of invoices, sales
agreements, warranties or otherwise, or to warrant or to execute agreements on
behalf of the other or to represent that it is in any way responsible for the
acts, debts, liabilities or omissions of the other party.
     10.6. NOTICES. All notices, reports, payments and other communications
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a "Notice") shall
be in writing and shall be given either by personal delivery against a signed
receipt, by express delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, or
by facsimile. All Notices shall be properly addressed as follows, or to such
other addresses as may be specified in a Notice given hereunder:
IF TO VERTICALNET:
Attn: General Counsel
VerticalNet, Inc.
700 Dresher Road, Suite 100
Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044
Tel No.: (215) 315-3200
Fax No.: (215) 784-1962
IF TO IMPRESSE:
Attn: Siva Kumar
Impresse Corporation
1309 South Mary Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94087
Phone No.: (408) 530-2022
Fax No.: (408) 245-8336
                                      13
A Notice shall be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or, if sent via
overnight delivery, upon receipt thereof. A Notice sent via facsimile is deemed
effective on the same day (or if such day is not a business day, then on the
next succeeding business day) if such facsimile is sent before 3:00 p.m.
Prevailing Eastern Time and on the next day (or if such day is not a business
day, then on the next succeeding business day) if such Notice is sent after 3:00
p.m. Prevailing Eastern Time.
     10.7. AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION. No subsequent amendment, modification or
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and signed by the parties.
     10.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets out the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, arrangements and communications,
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.
     10.9. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then to the fullest extent permitted by law
(a) the same shall not effect the other terms or provisions of this Agreement,
(b) such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary in
the tribunal's opinion to render such term or provision enforceable, and the
rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced
accordingly, preserving to the fullest extent the intent and agreements of the
parties set forth herein and (c) such finding of invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
     10.10. NO WAIVER. Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement is not a
waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term. No term or provision of
this Agreement will be deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or
excuse is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
waiver or excuse is sought.
     10.11. SURVIVAL. Sections 5.3  [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL]  and 5.4  [TERMINATION AND RENEWAL] , and Articles 6  [DISPUTE RESOLUTION] , 7, 8, 9 and 10, any
payment obligations of the parties hereunder accruing prior to the date of
termination; and any other provision herein expressly surviving termination or
necessary to interpret the rights and obligations of the parties in connection
with the termination of the term of this Agreement will survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement.
     10.12. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement is intended
to confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than the
parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
     10.13. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each party hereby irrevocably waives all
rights a party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.
     10.14. TITLES. The headings appearing at the beginning of the Sections
contained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and reference
purposes only and shall not be used to determine the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement. The nomenclature of the
                                      14
defined terms in this Agreement shall only be used for the construction of
this Agreement, and are not to be used for any other purpose, including, but
not limited to, interpretation for accounting purposes.
     10.15. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party shall be held to be in breach of this
Agreement by reason of a force majeure event, including, but not limited to, act
of God, delay in transportation, fire, flood, earthquake, storm, war, act of a
public enemy, civil commotion or any law, rule, regulation, order or other
action by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a party's
control. To the extent failure to perform is caused by such a force majeure
event, such party shall be excused from performance hereunder so long as such
event continues to prevent such performance, and provided the non-performing
party takes all reasonable steps to resume full performance.
     10.16. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each party shall comply with all prevailing
laws, rules and regulations and obtain all necessary approvals, consents and
permits required by the applicable agencies of the government of the
jurisdictions that apply to its activities or obligations under this Agreement.
     10.17. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS, FACSIMILES. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when delivered to the other
party shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when any one or
more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, bear the signatures of
both parties hereto. For the purposes hereof, a facsimile copy of this
Agreement, including the signature pages hereto, shall be deemed an original.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to the Agreement by their duly authorized
representatives have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
VERTICALNET, INC.                              IMPRESSE CORPORATION
By: /s/ Michael Hagon                         By: /s/ Siva Kumar
   -------------------------------               ----------------------------
Name:                                         Name:
     -----------------------------                 --------------------------
Title:                                        Title:
      ----------------------------                  -------------------------
                                      15
Source: IMPRESSE CORP, S-1/A, 3/22/2000EXHIBIT 10.20
                             CO-BRANDING Agreement
     This Co-Branding Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of  March
___, 1999 (the "Effective Date") by and between theglobe.com, Inc., with its
principal place of business at 31 West 21st Street, New York, NY  10010
("theglobe"), and The Boxlot Company, with its principal place of business at
12626 High Bluff Drive, Suite 370, San Diego, CA  92130 ("Boxlot").
1.   DEFINITIONS.
     (a) "Boxlot Banners" means any banner, button, text or similar ads Boxlot
provides to theglobe in connection with this Agreement.
     (b) "Boxlot Content" means any content or information (including without
limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, data or
software), in any medium, provided by Boxlot to theglobe (other than Boxlot
Banners), as part of the Service or on the Co-Branded Pages, including any
content specified in Exhibit A.
     (c) "Boxlot Marks" means all Boxlot domain names, trademarks, logos, and
other graphics reasonably necessary or desirable for theglobe to perform under
this Agreement.
     (d) "Boxlot Site" means the Boxlot-branded (i.e., non-co-branded) version
of the Service and associated pages.
     (e) "Co-Branded Pages" means all pages of the Service (including, without
limitation, any Java screens associated with the Service or emails or other
direct communications sent to Users by operation of the Service).
     (f) "Domain Name" means the domain name described in Exhibit A.
     (g) "Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made
publicly available.
     (h) "Marks" means the Boxlot Marks or theglobe Marks, as applicable.
     (i) "Net Revenues" means all monetary consideration theglobe actually
receives for CPM- or CPC-based advertisements and promotions (other than those
for its commerce partners) delivered in connection with the Co-Branded Pages,
less a sales and administration fee of 15%.
     (j) "Page Templates" means theglobe's standard page layout templates, as
revised by theglobe from time to time.
     (k) "Service" means the services described in Exhibit A, as changed over
time in accordance with this Agreement, which are co-branded using the Page
Templates.  The Service 
                                       1
 
also includes any Boxlot-operated back-end administration tools or pages used by
theglobe or Boxlot to exchange data in accordance with this Agreement.
     (l) "Shadow Site" means the password-protected site where the Co-Branded
Pages are made available for theglobe's review and approval prior to being made
publicly available.
     (m) "theglobe Marks" means all theglobe domain names, trademarks, logos,
and other graphics reasonably necessary or desirable for Boxlot to perform under
this Agreement.
     (n) "theglobe Site" means all pages under the theglobe.com domain.
     (o) "User" means any person who accesses any Co-Branded Page.
2.   DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.
     2.1  Pre-Launch Deliverables.  On or around March 31, 1999, theglobe shall
deliver to Boxlot the Page Templates and the other materials specified in
Exhibit A.
     2.2  Initial Development.  Boxlot shall develop the Co-Branded Pages using
the Page Templates and take all other steps required to co-brand the Service in
accordance with Exhibit A.  In addition, if theglobe is passing any user data to
Boxlot, theglobe's standard Automatic Partner Registration procedure shall
apply, and Boxlot shall perform the development necessary to use such procedure.
The current Automatic Partner Registration procedure is described in Exhibit D.
Boxlot shall make the Service implementation available to theglobe on the Shadow
Site prior to making it publicly available.  Boxlot shall not make the initial
Service implementation publicly available without theglobe's prior written
approval.  Unless otherwise specified, each party shall be responsible for all
development, hosting and other costs associated with the pages living on their
servers and all emails they send.
     2.3  Changes.  theglobe shall have sole control over the Service's look and
feel, and Boxlot shall not make any change in the Service's look and feel
without theglobe's prior consent.  Further, Boxlot shall notify theglobe if
Boxlot changes or adds any functionality of the services described in Exhibit A
(as modified by Boxlot over time) as implemented on the Boxlot Site.  Unless
requested by theglobe, Boxlot shall implement such changes or additions to the
Service and make such implementation available on the Shadow Site for theglobe's
approval within 30 days of their introduction on the Boxlot Site.  However,
under no circumstances shall Boxlot offer Users any community features (such as
email, chat, message boards, or the ability to create home pages) from the Co-
Branded Pages without theglobe's consent, and if Boxlot desires to do so, the
parties will work together to discuss appropriate implementations.  Boxlot shall
make available via the Shadow Site all changes to the Service or the Co-Branded
Pages completed in this Section 2, and Boxlot shall not implement such changes
on the publicly available Service or Co-Branded Pages until it has received
theglobe's approval.
     2.4  Service Operation.  Boxlot shall host and operate the Service under
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999the Domain Name in accordance with the terms of Exhibit B.
                                       2
 
     2.5  Rebranding.  If requested by theglobe, Boxlot shall implement on the
Co-Branded Pages new versions of the Page Templates if theglobe changes the Page
Templates across theglobe Site generally.  Further, if requested by theglobe,
Boxlot shall create additional branded versions of the Service and Co-Branded
Pages branded with the branding of theglobe's distribution partners, which
branded versions shall be implemented within 30 days and subject to approval in
accordance with this Section 2.
     2.6  Boxlot Content.  Boxlot shall provide Boxlot Content to Users via the
Co-Branded Pages, except that Boxlot shall deliver to theglobe those elements of
Boxlot Content residing on theglobe's servers in accordance with the terms of
Exhibit A.  Unless otherwise directed by theglobe, the Co-Branded Pages shall
include all of the content displayed on the Boxlot Site, and the Boxlot Content
shall be updated to keep the Co-Branded Pages in parity with the Boxlot Site.
Any nonconformance with the terms of the frequency/quantity columns of Exhibit A
shall permit theglobe to terminate immediately if the breach is not cured within
12 hours.
     2.7  Navigation. Boxlot shall not, in conjunction with the Service, use any
interstitials, pop-up windows, other intermediate steps or any other technology
or content which acts as a barrier to the transition of a User from theglobe
Site to the Co-Branded Pages, nor shall Boxlot otherwise frame the Co-Branded
Pages or use any other technology which interferes with or affects the page
layout of such pages.  All Co-Branded Pages shall link back to theglobe Site as
specified by theglobe.
     2.8  User Relations.  Boxlot shall be responsible for providing all
customer support regarding the Service or the Co-Branded Pages, and theglobe may
redirect to Boxlot any associated customer support inquiries.  Boxlot shall have
sole control over the user agreement that governs the Service, and Boxlot shall
have the sole responsibility for dealing with breaches of such user agreement.
However, if theglobe has an issue with the user agreement or Boxlot's
enforcement of it, the parties shall discuss such issues in good faith.
Furthermore, Boxlot's privacy policy shall make any disclosures, or obtain any
User consent, reasonably requested by theglobe that the parties believe are
necessary to make the disclosures about Users back to theglobe required by this
Agreement.  All Users shall be treated at least as favorable in all respects
(including without limitation with respect to pricing, quality of service, and
customer support responsiveness) as Boxlot treats users of the Boxlot Site.
     2.9  Database Synchronization.  If requested by theglobe and if Boxlot
captures relevant information, Boxlot shall use reasonable efforts to cooperate
with theglobe to implement ways for theglobe to capture User information to the
extent that such information would change the relevant information in theglobe's
databases.
     2.10  Promotions.  Following the Launch Date, the parties shall conduct the
promotions specified in Exhibit A.
3.   ADVERTISING.
                                       3
 
     3.1  Ad Sales.  theglobe shall have sole control over all advertising and
promotion inventory on the Co-Branded Pages.  Boxlot shall not introduce any
advertising spots or third party branding in conjunction with the Co-Branded
Pages or the Service without theglobe's approval.  If, after theglobe (or its
designee) uses commercially reasonable efforts to sell such inventory, there
remains unsold inventory, then theglobe may, in its sole discretion, place house
or barter ads in such inventory.
     3.2  Ad Serving.  theglobe or its designee shall be solely responsible for
serving all advertisements and promotions in connection with the Co-Branded
Pages.  theglobe shall provide Boxlot with ad serving code, which Boxlot shall
implement at its own expense on all Co-Branded Pages.  theglobe hereby grants to
Boxlot a nonexclusive license to use such code solely to permit theglobe or its
designee to serve ads in connection with the Co-Branded Pages.  Boxlot shall
notify theglobe at least 15 days prior to making any changes that would affect
serving ads on the Co-Branded Pages.
     3.3  Boxlot Banners.  Boxlot shall deliver to theglobe any Boxlot Banners
which are to be run in accordance with this Agreement.  Such banners shall
comply with theglobe's then-current technical standards.  The terms of any
insertion order or similar document regarding the Boxlot Banners are expressly
rejected, except to the extent that they specify the location, timing or
duration of the display of the Boxlot Banners and such terms are accepted by
theglobe.  Unless mutually agreed otherwise, Boxlot Banners shall link to the
Co-Branded Pages.  theglobe may request that Boxlot Banners be co-branded with
theglobe Marks, in which case the parties shall work together to develop a
mutually acceptable implementation.  theglobe may approve or reject any Boxlot
Banner in its sole discretion.  theglobe shall use commercially reasonable
efforts not to run banners on the Co-Branded Pages for the companies enumerated
on Exhibit C.  Boxlot may update Exhibit C from time to time during the term;
however: (a) Boxlot may not add any site or company to Exhibit C which is not
reasonably considered to be in the online auctions business, and (b) if Boxlot
adds any new sites or companies to Exhibit C, theglobe shall be entitled to
complete any contractual obligations pursuant to contracts in place with such
sites or companies at the time of addition.
4.   LICENSES AND STANDARDS.
     4.1  Content.  Boxlot hereby grants to theglobe a non-exclusive, worldwide
license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of (only as necessary to
build pages in a manner consistent with this Agreement), publicly display,
publicly perform and digitally perform Boxlot Banners, and those elements of the
Boxlot Content served from theglobe's servers (as denoted in Exhibit A), on
theglobe Site or otherwise as reasonably appropriate to advertise and promote
the Service and the Co-Branded Pages.  Subject to the approval process in
Section 2, theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a non-exclusive, worldwide license
to use, reproduce, create derivative works of (only as necessary to build Co-
Branded Pages), publicly display, publicly perform and digitally perform the
Page Templates on Co-Branded Pages.
     4.2  Trademarks.  Boxlot hereby grants to theglobe a non-exclusive license
to use the Boxlot Marks (including the Domain Name if applicable) to advertise
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999and promote the Service.  
                                       4
 
theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a non-exclusive license to use theglobe Marks
(including the Domain Name if applicable) on the Co-Branded Pages.
     4.3  Trademark Restrictions.  The Mark owner may terminate the foregoing
trademark license if, in its reasonable discretion, the licensee's use of the
Marks tarnishes, blurs or dilutes the quality associated with the Marks or the
associated goodwill and such problem is not cured within 10 days of notice of
breach; alternatively, instead of terminating the license in total, the owner
may specify that certain licensee uses may not contain the Marks.  Title to and
ownership of the owner's Marks shall remain with the owner.  The licensee shall
use the Marks exactly in the form provided and in conformance with any trademark
usage policies.  The licensee shall not take any action inconsistent with the
owner's ownership of the Marks, and any benefits accruing from use of such Marks
shall automatically vest in the owner.  The licensee shall not form any
combination marks with the other party's Marks other than the Domain Name (if
applicable).  If the Domain Name is deemed a combination mark, neither party
shall use the Domain Name for any purpose except as expressly provided herein or
attempt to register the Domain Name, and the parties will jointly cooperate on
any enforcement action of infringement of the Domain Name.
     4.4  Ownership.  As between theglobe and Boxlot: (a) theglobe and its
suppliers retain all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual
property rights embodied in or associated with the Page Templates, and (b)
Boxlot and its suppliers retain all rights, title and interest in and to all
intellectual property rights embodied in or associated with the Boxlot Content,
Boxlot Banners and Boxlot Marks.  There are no implied licenses under this
Agreement, and any rights not expressly granted to a licensee hereunder are
reserved by the licensor or its suppliers.  Neither party shall exceed the scope
of the licenses granted hereunder.
     4.5  Standards.  Boxlot shall not provide Boxlot Banners or Boxlot Content,
and theglobe shall not provide to Boxlot any Page Templates, that: (a) infringe
any third party's intellectual property right or right of publicity or privacy;
(b) violate any law or regulation; (c) are defamatory, obscene, harmful to
minors or child pornographic; (d) contain any viruses, trojan horses, worms,
time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended
to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or
expropriate any system, data or personal information; or (e) are materially
false, inaccurate or misleading.
5.  USER DATA.
     5.1  Rights/Restrictions.  Except as specified in this section, each party
may freely use and disclose any information (both individual and aggregated)
about Users ("User Data").  Neither party shall disclose any User Data in any
manner that permits the User Data to be associated with the other party or
permits the targeting of Users on the basis of their status as Users (in
theglobe's case) or theglobe users (in Boxlot's case), nor shall a party use the
User Data to target Users on the basis of their status as Users (in theglobe's
case) or theglobe users (in Boxlot's case).  However, either party may disclose
User Data if it is aggregated (in a non-associatable way) with data from
multiple online properties.  Each party shall use and disclose User Data only in
accordance with the privacy policy under which it was collected.
                                       5
 
     5.2  Delivery to theglobe.  Boxlot shall deliver to theglobe all
information about Users who register with Boxlot on the Co-Branded Pages that
Boxlot collects from its registration process.  Such information shall be
delivered weekly in an electronic format specified by theglobe using a process
reasonably specified by theglobe.
6.   PAYMENT TERMS.
     6.1  Payments.  The parties shall make the payments described in Exhibit A.
Overdue payments shall accrue interest, at the lesser of 1 1/2% per month or the
maximum allowable interest under applicable law, from due date until paid, and
the owing party shall pay the owed party's costs of collection (including
reasonable attorneys' fees).
     6.2  Taxes.  All fees and payments stated herein exclude, and the party
making payment shall pay, any sales, use or other tax related to the parties'
performance of their obligations or exercise of their rights under this
Agreement, exclusive of taxes based on the receiving party's net income.
     6.3  Audit Rights.  A party obligated to make payments hereunder shall keep
for 3 years proper records and books of account relating to the computation of
such payments.  Once every 12 months, the party receiving payment or its
designee may inspect such records to verify reports.  Any such inspection will
be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the inspected
party's business activities.  The inspected party shall immediately make any
overdue payments disclosed by the audit plus applicable interest.  Such
inspection shall be at the inspecting party's expense; however, if the audit
reveals overdue payments in excess of 5% of the payments owed to date, the
inspected party shall immediately pay the cost of such audit, and the inspecting
party may conduct another audit during the same 12 month period.
7.  REPORTS.
     7.1  By theglobe.  Within 30 days following the end of each month, theglobe
shall provide Boxlot with its standard reports regarding theglobe's promotions
hereunder and reports on the computation of Net Revenues.
     7.2  By Boxlot.  In addition to any other reports specified herein, Boxlot
shall provide to theglobe the following reports: (a) daily usage reports
regarding the Co-Branded Pages describing the number of page impressions, number
of Users and such other information as Boxlot generally provides to its other
similar partners, (b) weekly demographic reports regarding the Service
containing summary information regarding user demographic profiles, and (c) if
applicable, within 30 days following the end of each month, reports regarding
the computation of the fees it owes under Section 6.
     In addition to the foregoing, as soon as commercially reasonable (but in no
event later than 6 months following the Launch Date), Boxlot (with assistance as
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999necessary from theglobe) shall deliver reports to theglobe about individual
registered Users on the Co-Branded Pages when the User bids on an item,
purchases an item, lists an item for sale and successfully sells an item.  The
report shall be broken down into at least the following categories: the User's
unique UserID 
                                       6
 
number assigned by theglobe, the action being logged (bid, purchase, list,
sale), the date and time of the event, and the topic/category in which the event
occurred. Such reports shall be provided to theglobe on at least a monthly basis
in an electronic format that is easily decoded in an automated manner for import
into theglobe's statistics database, and the file shall be a  delimited
text file with each line corresponding to an event and including the information
outlined above.
8.   TERM AND TERMINATION.
     8.1  Term.  This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and
will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
     8.2  Termination for Failure to Perform.  By providing written notice, a
party may immediately terminate this Agreement: (a) if the other party
materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure that breach within 15 days
after receiving written notice of the breach, or (b) as provided in Sections 2.6  [Boxlot Content]
or 12.7  [Force Majeure] or Exhibit B.  In addition, by providing written notice, theglobe may
immediately terminate this Agreement, or at its option immediately suspend its
promotion and other efforts hereunder, in the case of Boxlot's breach of Section
12.1  [Compliance with Laws] .
     8.3  Termination for Change of Control.  By providing written notice,
theglobe may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion if one of the
following companies (or their subsidiaries) does an "Ownership Change Event":
Lycos, Yahoo (including GeoCities, which shall be included even if their
proposed merger does not occur), Xoom, Fortune City, Excite, Go Network
(including Disney and Infoseek), Snap! (including NBC) and AOL.  An "Ownership
Change Event" means: (x) the acquisition of 50% or more of Boxlot's equity or
voting interests; (y) a merger or consolidation of Boxlot; or (z) the sale,
exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of Boxlot's assets related to
the Service.
     8.4  Termination for Changes.  By providing written notice, theglobe may
terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion if: (a) Boxlot's business model
changes such that the Service is no longer Boxlot's primary line of business, or
(b) at the one year anniversary of the Launch Date, the Service is significantly
inferior to the comparable services being offered by the market leaders in the
person to person auction space.
     8.5  Termination for Failure to Grow.  By providing written notice, Boxlot
may immediately terminate this Agreement if theglobe's registered user base has
not increased by *** users by the 1 year anniversary of the Effective Date.
     8.6  Effects of Termination.  Upon expiration or termination, all licenses
granted hereunder shall terminate unless such licenses are expressly stated as
surviving.  Boxlot shall promptly remove all theglobe Marks and Page Templates
from its servers, and theglobe shall promptly remove all Boxlot Marks, Boxlot
Banners and Boxlot Content from its servers. Sections 1,  4.4  [Ownership], 5.1  [Rights/Restrictions] , 6.2  [Taxes], 6.3  [Audit Rights],
8.6  [Effects of Termination] , 9, 10, 11 and 12.2  [Governing Law] to 12.9  [Entire Agreement; Waiver] , and any obligation to pay any owed but unpaid
amounts, shall survive any expiration or termination.
                                       7
 
     In addition, Boxlot acknowledges that the placement fees set forth in
Exhibit A were intended to be *** in year 1 and *** in year 2, even though
theglobe has agreed to extend credit terms to Boxlot by allowing Boxlot to pay
over time.  Thus, in the event that this Agreement terminates under Section 8.2  [Termination for Failure to Perform]
due to Boxlot's failure to perform (excluding the cross-reference to Section
12.7  [Force Majeure]) prior to the end of the applicable year, Boxlot shall immediately pay to
theglobe the amount necessary to pay the total year's placement fee for that
year.  Boxlot waives any right to assert that the foregoing fee is a liquidated
damage or a penalty.
9.  NO WARRANTIES.  EACH PARTY PROVIDES ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER
PARTY "AS IS."  EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Each party acknowledges that it has not entered into this Agreement in reliance
upon any warranty or representation except those specifically set forth herein.
Unless an approval process is specified herein, all deliverables provided by one
party to the other shall be deemed accepted (for purposes of the UCC) when
delivered.
10.  INDEMNITY.  Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify the other
party (the "Indemnified Party") against any and all claims, losses, costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, which the Indemnified Party may
incur as a result of claims in any form by third parties arising from: (x) the
Indemnifying Party's acts, omissions or misrepresentations to the extent that
the Indemnifying Party is deemed an agent of the Indemnified Party, or (y) the
Indemnifying Party's breach of its privacy policy.  In addition, theglobe shall
indemnify Boxlot against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, which Boxlot may incur as a result of
claims in any form by third parties arising from the Page Templates or theglobe
Marks.  In addition, Boxlot shall indemnify theglobe against any and all claims,
losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, which theglobe
may incur as a result of claims in any form by third parties arising from Boxlot
Banners, Boxlot Content, Boxlot Marks, the Service (excluding the Page Templates
or theglobe Marks) or Boxlot's breach of Section 12.1  [Compliance with Laws] .  The foregoing
obligations are conditioned on the Indemnified Party: (i) giving the
Indemnifying Party notice of the relevant claim, (ii) cooperating with the
Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, in the defense of such
claim, and (iii) giving the Indemnifying Party the right to control the defense
and settlement of any such claim, except that the Indemnifying Party shall not
enter into any settlement that affects the Indemnified Party's rights or
interest without the Indemnified Party's prior written approval.  The
Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense at its
expense.
11.  LIABILITY LIMITS.  NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE
PARTIES ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A CLAIM UNDER SECTION 10 OR FAILURE TO PAY UNDER SECTION
6, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE 
                                       8
 
OTHER PARTY IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT BOXLOT ACTUALLY PAYS TO
THEGLOBE HEREUNDER.
12.  GENERAL.
     12.1  Compliance with Laws. At its own expense, Boxlot shall comply with
all applicable laws and regulations regarding providing and operating the
Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Boxlot shall (a) obtain all
governmental approval, permits and licenses, and make all governmental filings
and registrations, necessary for the marketing and performance of the Service in
every United States jurisdiction, (b) ensure that theglobe is not required to
obtain any governmental approval, permits or licenses as a result of this
Agreement, theglobe's performance hereunder or any payments made to theglobe
hereunder, and (c) promptly resolve any assertions that the Service is illegal
or violating a protected third party interest.
     12.2  Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to
conflict of laws principles. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in New
York and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement
shall be brought in a court in New York City, NY.
     12.3  Publicity. Prior to the release of any press releases or other
similar promotional materials related to this Agreement, the releasing party
shall submit a written request for approval to the other party with a copy of
the materials to be released, which request shall be made no less than 3
business days prior to the requested release date. A party shall not
unreasonably withhold or delay the granting of its approval of such materials.
The parties shall issue the first press release jointly.
     12.4  Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors, and
no agency, partnership, franchise, joint venture or employment relationship is
intended or created by this Agreement. Neither party shall make any warranties
or representations on behalf of the other party.
     12.5  Assignment.  Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its
duties hereunder (except to an affiliated company, or to a successor in interest
in the event of a merger, sale of assets of the business to which this Agreement
is related, or consolidation) without the other party's prior written consent,
and any purported attempt to do so is null and void.
     12.6  Severability; Headings.  If any provision herein is held to be
invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue
in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way.  The parties
agree to replace any invalid provision with a valid provision that most closely
approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision.  Headings
are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or
describe the scope or extent of such section.
     12.7  Force Majeure.  Except as otherwise provided, if performance
hereunder (other than payment) is interfered with by any condition beyond a
party's reasonable control, the affected party, upon giving prompt notice to the
other party, shall be excused from such performance to 
                                       9
 
the extent of such condition. However, if a force majeure detrimentally affects
a party's performance of a material covenant hereunder for 14 days or more, the
other party can terminate this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that website
operations may be affected by numerous factors outside of a party's control. In
the case of Boxlot's performance, a Boxlot force majeure includes theglobe's
failure to perform its obligations described in this Agreement or an outage that
affects the entire Internet in the United States; however, in no event shall a
failure of any Boxlot supplier or vendor be deemed a Boxlot force majeure.
     12.8  Notice.  Any notice under this Agreement will be in writing and
delivered by personal delivery, overnight courier, confirmed facsimile,
confirmed email, or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and
will be deemed given upon personal delivery, 1 day after deposit with an
overnight courier, 5 days after deposit in the mail, or upon confirmation of
receipt of facsimile or email.  Notices will be sent to a party at its address
set forth above or such other address as that party may specify in writing
pursuant to this Section.
     12.9  Entire Agreement; Waiver.  This Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding and agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all oral or
written agreements or understandings between the parties, as to the subject
matter of the Agreement.  This Agreement may be changed only by a writing signed
by both parties.  The waiver of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will
not operate or be interpreted as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
     12.10  Equity Stake.  Boxlot shall grant to theglobe, pursuant to industry-
standard terms negotiated between the parties in good faith, immediately vested
options to purchase shares of common stock equal to up to 4% of Boxlot's fully
diluted capital stock (in accordance with the chart below).  Theglobe shall be
restricted from exercising such options until the first anniversary of the
Effective Date, and such options shall have a five-year term.  Each such option
shall have an exercise price equal to the lesser of (1) the price at which
Boxlot's common stock is sold to the public in an initial public offering or (2)
$6 per share; each of the foregoing as may be adjusted for any stock splits,
combinations or re-organizations affecting Boxlot's capital stock.  Boxlot shall
grant to theglobe registration rights for such options and any shares of common
stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of such options (including without
limitation, two demand registration rights and unlimited piggyback registration
rights) on Form S-1, Form S-3 or such other form as may be applicable pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933 as amended.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999Number of aggregate unique users, as measured by         Aggregate percent of Boxlot's equity subject to the
   unique IP addresses, in a month who visit a page               options upon achieving such level once
              under the Domain Name
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      
500,000                                                     1%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1,000,000                                                   2%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1,500,000                                                   3%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1,750,000                                                   3.5%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2,000,000                                                   4%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       10
 
THEGLOBE.COM, INC.:                 THE BOXLOT COMPANY:
By: /s/ Dean Daniels                By:  /s/ Frederick Cary
Name: Dean Daniels                  Name:  Frederick Cary
Title: COO                          Title:  CEO
                                       11
 
                                   EXHIBIT A
                                 BUSINESS TERMS
                                        
Description of the Service: person-to-person auctions
Description of Boxlot Content:
***
Domain Name for the Co-Branded Pages: auctions.theglobe.com
theglobe's Promotions.  In positions determined by theglobe in its sole
discretion, theglobe shall:
 .   list "Classifieds/Auctions" in the tools category of the left hand nav bar
 .   list auctions in relevant theme areas
 .   list auctions in myglobe [Note: this will be done when commercially
    reasonable to do so some time after the Launch Date]
 .   list auctions in shop.theglobe.com
theglobe may provide substitute placement if theglobe changes or reorganizes its
site or navigation/directory structure.  theglobe shall provide a minimum of ***
impressions per month of promotion for auctions on the Co-Branded Pages
(including without limitation any of the foregoing).  theglobe's sole and
exclusive obligation for failing to deliver the minimum number of impressions
shall be to continue performing the promotion until it delivers the total number
of required impressions.
Boxlot's Promotions.  theglobe may place up to 100 listings a month on the
Boxlot Site (and all co-branded versions thereof) promoting products being sold
by theglobe or its affiliates without having to pay any listing fee, closing
value fee, transaction fee or other fee.
theglobe Pre-Launch Deliverables: In addition to developing the Page Templates,
theglobe shall provide to Boxlot a media and promotional plan and a plan for
doing the production/design services related to the Service's integration into
theglobe Site.
PAYMENTS
 .     ***
 .     Placement Fee.  The following schedule of payments apply:
 
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Time of Payment                                          Amount of Payment
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      
Execution                                                    ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Launch Date                                                  ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1st monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2nd monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                       12
 
 
                                                      
3rd monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
9th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                       ***
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                      ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
11th monthly anniversary of Launch Date                      ***
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Each monthly anniversary thereafter (excluding the           ***
final monthly anniversary (e.g., the last day of the
contract))
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .    Ad Split.  theglobe shall pay Boxlot *** of Net Revenues.
 .    Transactional Revenue. Boxlot shall retain *** of the transaction revenues
     it generates from operation of the Service.
     
                                       13
 
                                   EXHIBIT B
                             PERFORMANCE STANDARDS
A.   Service Availability.  The Service generally shall be publicly available to
Users a minimum of 95% of the time during any 7 day period and 98% of the time
during any 30 day period, excluding "Maintenance."  Maintenance is defined as
scheduled Service outages for Service maintenance or upgrades of which theglobe
is notified at least 48 hours in advance, so long as such outages are scheduled
for low-usage time periods and do not exceed a total of 20 hours in any 30 day
period.
B.   Response Time.  The mean response time for server response to access the
Service shall not exceed more than 6 seconds during any 1 hour period.
C.   Bandwidth.  Throughout the term, Boxlot shall have an agreement in place
with its Internet connectivity provider which requires such provider to
automatically increase bandwidth capacity if such capacity exceeds 25%
utilization.
D.   Security.  Boxlot shall prevent unauthorized access to restricted areas of
its servers and any databases or other sensitive material generated from or used
in conjunction with the Service.  In addition, Boxlot shall immediately notify
theglobe of any known security breaches or holes in the Service or Co-Branded
Pages.
E.   Error Correction.  Boxlot shall resolve any errors with the Service
(including without limitation any Javascripts or ActiveX controls used in
connection with such pages) that cause such services not to be able to perform
one or more major functions within 24 hours of the earlier of its discovery of
the error or theglobe's notice of the error.  Boxlot shall resolve all other
errors with such services within 7 days of the earlier of its discovery of the
error or theglobe's notice of the error.
F.   Browser Compatibility.  The Service shall initially be compatible with
Netscape Navigator 3.X and 4.X and Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.X and 4.X.
theglobe may unilaterally add additional browsers or versions that the Service
must be compatible with, effective after 30 days advance written notice, if
theglobe certifies that such additional browsers or versions are used by more
than 5% of its Users.  Users shall not require any plug-ins in order to access
any Service functionality.
G.   Data Authentication.  Boxlot shall use commercially reasonable efforts, no
less than industry-standard, to authenticate the origin of all information
provided by theglobe as having come from theglobe.
H.   Customer Support.  Boxlot shall auto-respond to all customer and technical
support inquiries within 10 minutes of the receipt of inquiry.  Boxlot shall
manually respond to all such inquiries within 24 hours.  Boxlot shall resolve
all such inquiries within 72 hours or shall notify theglobe that it cannot do
so, in which case theglobe at its sole discretion may intervene to assist in
resolving the inquiry.
I.   Remedies.  In addition to other applicable remedies, theglobe may
immediately terminate this Agreement without a further cure period if: (a) any
breach of this Exhibit lasts 2 consecutive specified time periods, or if no time
period for measurement is specified, 10 days, or (b) the same provision is
breached on two separate occasions (even if the first was cured).
                                       14
 
                                   EXHIBIT C
                             BOXLOT COMPETITIVE SET
aciauction
Auction 123
Auction Net Online
Auction Network
Auction Online
Auction Sales Online
Auction Universe
Auction USA
Auction Warehouse
Auction World
AuctionAddict
AuctionFloor
AuctionGate
AuctionInc.
AuctionLine
AuctionPC
AuctionPort-Interactive Online Auctions
Auctionsamerica
Auctionware Technologies
AuctionWorks
AuctionX
Autographs...and more!
B2BAuction
BargainsUSA
Bid on Collectibles
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999Bid Online
Bid4it
BidAway Web Auctions
Biddernet
Bidders Paradise
BidderSuite
bidnask.com
Bidnow
Boekhout's Collectibles Mall
Buck Auction
Butterfield & Butterfield
Central Missouri Internet Auction
Christie's
CityAuction
Classifieds Live
CoinTrade Online
CommPublic Online
Consultants Research Institute
CSL Associates Online Auction for Pearls
Dan's Online Auction
DealDeal
Deep Discount Network
Digitalauction
eBay
                                       15
 
Electronic Auction
Encore E-Z Auction
FairAuction
FinalBid Internet Auction Service
First Auction
FocalPoint Online Photo Auction
Foryourneeds
Fun Time Auction
G.B. Tate & Sons Online Auction
GEMS AUCTION
Gifts and More Online Auction
Glenn Johnson Coins
Going Going Sold
Going Once
Going, Going...Sold!
Golden Age Antiques and Collectibles
Golf Auction
GolfClubExchange
GolfWeb GolfAuction
Haggle Online
Hobby Markets Online
Human Digital Auction
Infinite Auction
Insight Corp Auction
Interactive Auction Online
interAUCTION Services
Intermodal Equipment Exchange
International Electronic Auction
Internet Auction House
Internet Liquidators Int
IWA Auction House
John Morelli Auctioneers
Keybuy Auction House
Klik-Klok Dutch Auction
Labx
Lightningauctions
Magnolia Auction
Metric Equipment Sales
ML Coins
Motherlode Gold Auction
Nab-it
National Auction Properties, Inc.
Nationwide Dealer Exchange
Netauction
Netauctions
NetMarket
Nettworth
NonProfitAuction
Northerbys Online Auctions
Numisma Online Coin Auctions
Numismatists Online Coin Auctions
Old Auction Barn
OneWebPlace
Online Auction Services
                                       16
 
OnLine Exchange
ONSALE Interactive Marketplace
Paulus Swaen Internet Auction
PC Buyer
Philatelists Online
Prizefight
ProAuctions
RacerX
Remington York Online Auction
Rotman Collectibles
Sandafayre
Sandy's Super Auction
Save the Earth Foundation ArtRock Auction
Scala-Mathis Auctions, Inc.
SCC Exchange
Southeast Auction Company
Sotheby's
Sportsauctionsusa
Steal-a-Record Auction
Super Auction
Superior Coin & Stamp Auction Galleries
SurplusAuction
Teletrade
The Auction Block
The Auction Store
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999The Sell And Trade Internet Marketplace
TIME MACHINE....Silent Watch Auction
u-Auction-it
uBid
Universe Auctions
University of Michigan AuctionBot
Up4Sale
USAuctions
USCents
VintageUSA Direct Auction
WebAuction
Wild Auction
World Wide Auctions
Yahoo Auction
ZAuction
1st Sporting Equipment Auction
3WAuction
                                       17
 
                                   EXHIBIT D
                         AUTOMATIC PARTNER REGISTRATION
                                        
                                        
To maintain a consistent user experience, any theglobe member should not need to
separately log in to the Service or the Co-Branded Pages.  The only login or
registration that should be required to access the Service or the Co-Branded
Pages is theglobe Site's login or registration.  Because Boxlot hosts the
Service and the Co-Branded Pages, theglobe will pass to Boxlot information about
each User accessing the Service or the Co-Branded Pages as described below:
 .    Accounts will be created for each User via a one-time "welcome" page
     (hosted by theglobe) when the User tries to access the portion of the
     Service requiring such registration for the first time.
 .    The "welcome" page will include registration fields for any information
     about the User needed to use the Service but not currently in theglobe's
     database.
 .    The "welcome" page will include a "Privacy Policy" informing the User that
     their data is being passed to a third party (Boxlot) in order to use the
     Services.
 .    Any additional required User information is collected and entered into
     theglobe's database. Then, the required User information is sent to Boxlot
     all at once to create the new account. theglobe will include the User's
     "username" and "UserID#" in the data passed to Boxlot.
Additional notes on account creation:
 .    The User will only see the "Welcome" page until they consent to the privacy
     policy and enter any required information. This page will not appear after
     the User completes the initial account creation process.
 .    Account information stored on Boxlot's servers in connection to the Service
     will need to be kept in parity with theglobe. To do so, the parties shall
     work together to implement a mechanism for updating information on Boxlot's
     servers when User information changes on theglobe Site.
 .    The technology used to pass the data to Boxlot for account creation and
     ongoing account updates will be determined jointly by Boxlot and theglobe.
 .    The UserID# theglobe passes to Boxlot during account creation will be
     stored by Boxlot in association with each User. This UserID# is necessary
     to link individual user reporting and individual account updates between
     Boxlot and theglobe on an ongoing basis.
                                       18
Source: THEGLOBE COM INC, S-1/A, 5/3/1999