Exhibit 10.28
                              ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
            This Endorsement Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as
of August 24, 1995, by and among the following parties:
                  (a) Kathy Ireland, Inc. ("KI Inc."), furnishing the services
      of Kathy Ireland ("KI"), c/o The Sterling/Winters Co., 1900 Avenue of the
      Stars, Suite #1640, Los Angeles, California 90067;
                  (b) The Sterling/Winters Co. ("SW"), 1900 Avenue of the Stars,
      Suite #1640, Los Angeles, California 90067; and
                  (c) Diplomat Ambassador Eyewear Group ("Diplomat"), 1010 Arch
      Street, 3rd Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107.
            1. Recitals.
                  (a) Whereas Diplomat has created a new product line to be
known as "Kathy Ireland Eyewear" ("KI Eyewear");
                  (b) Whereas Diplomat estimates on a non-binding basis that
wholesale sales of KI Eyewear will reach $          during the first License
Year, $          during the 2nd License Year, $          during the 3rd License
Year, and $          during the 4th License Year (as those License Years are
defined in subparagraph 3.(b) of this Agreement);
                  (c) Whereas Diplomat desires to obtain the right to use the
name, likeness and endorsement of KI in connection with the advertisement,
promotion and sale of KI Eyewear; and
                  (d) Whereas KI, Inc. has the authority to grant the right to
use KI's name, likeness and endorsement to Diplomat in connection with the
advertisement, promotion and sale of KI Eyewear and desires to do so;
                  (e) NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual
promises and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as
follows.
            2. Grant of License.
                  (a) Products. Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, KI, Inc. hereby grants to Diplomat and Diplomat hereby accepts the
right, license and privilege of utilizing KI's name and likeness solely upon and
in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of the following
products:
                        (1) sunglasses, eyeglasses, readers and ophthalmic
frames;
                                       1
                        (2) optical cases, optical eye chains, eye pins, and
lens cleaning kits sold only in optical retailers; and
                        (3) such other optical accessories as the parties shall
agree.
                  (b) Territory. The license hereby granted extends worldwide.
                  (c) Term. The term of the license hereby granted shall
commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner
terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as
otherwise provided in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
management of Kmart stores elects not to carry KI eyewear prior to the end of
the first license year (January 30, 1997), then either party shall have the
right to terminate this Agreement as of such date.
                  3. Terms of Payment.
                  (a) Rate. Diplomat agrees to pay KI, Inc. as royalty a sum
equal to  % of the net wholesale volume of the products covered by this
Agreement by Diplomat and its affiliated, associated, or subsidiary companies.
The term "net wholesale volume" shall mean gross sales to all customers; less
returns, trade discounts and cash discounts; but no deduction shall be made for
other discounts or uncollectible accounts. No costs incurred in the manufacture,
sale, distribution, or exploitation of the products covered by this Agreement
shall be deducted from any royalty payable by Diplomat.
                  (b) Minimum Royalties. Diplomat agrees to pay KI, Inc. the
minimum royalties set forth below as a minimum guarantee against royalties to be
paid to KI, Inc. under subparagraph 3.(a), above:
                  (1) 1st License Year (8/1/95 - 1/30/97):     $
                  (2) 2nd License Year (2/1/97 - 1/30/98):     $
                  (3) 3rd License Year (2/1/98 - 1/30/99):     $
                  (4) 4th License Year (2/1/99 - 1/30/2000):   $The minimum royalty for the 1st License Year shall be paid as follows: $
upon the signing of the Deal Memo dated August 24, 1995, the balance of $
to be paid in six (6) equal, consecutive, monthly installments of $
commencing with the month in which this Agreement is signed. No part of the
minimum royalty for the first License Year shall in any event be repayable to
Diplomat. The minimum royalty for the 2nd, 3rd and 4th License Years shall be
made in four equal installments payable on February 1st, May 1st, August 1st and
November 1st of each such License Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
royalties paid by Diplomat to KI, Inc. on net
                                       2
wholesale volume for any particular License Year under subparagraph 3(a) of this
Agreement should exceed the minimum royalties remaining to be paid for that same
License Year under this subparagraph 3(b), then no further payments of minimum
royalties for such License Year shall be required under this subparagraph 3(b).
                  (c) Periodic Statements. Within thirty (30) days after the
initial shipment of the products covered by this Agreement, and promptly on the
15th of each calendar month thereafter, Diplomat shall furnish to KI, Inc.
complete and accurate statements certified to be accurate by Diplomat showing
the number, description and gross sales price, itemized deductions from gross
sales price, and net sales price of the products covered by this Agreement
distributed and/or sold by Diplomat during the preceding calendar month,
together with any returns made during the preceding calendar month. Such
statements shall be furnished to KI, Inc. whether or not any of the products
have been sold during the preceding calendar month.
                  (d) Royalty Payments. Royalties in excess of the minimum
royalty shall be due on the 25th day of the month following the calendar month
in which they are earned, and payment shall accompany the statements furnished
pursuant to subparagraph (c), above. The receipt or acceptance by KI, Inc. of
any of the statements furnished pursuant to this Agreement, or of any royalties
paid hereunder, or the cashing of any royalty checks paid hereunder, shall not
preclude KI, Inc. from questioning the correctness of such statements or
payments, provided all such questions are raised with Diplomat within two years
of the date of KI Inc's receipt of the statement or payment in question. In the
event any inconsistencies or mistakes are discovered in such statements or
payments, they shall immediately be rectified and the appropriate payments made
by Diplomat.
            4. Exclusivity.
            The license hereby granted shall be exclusive as to the products
described in subparagraphs 2.(a)(1) and (2) of this Agreement, but nonexclusive
as to all other products covered by this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to prevent KI, Inc. from granting any other licenses for the
use of KI's name or likeness, or from utilizing KI's name and likeness in any
manner whatsoever, except that KI, Inc. agrees that except as provided herein it
will grant no other licenses for the territory to which this license extends for
the use of KI's name and likeness in connection with the sale of the products
described in subparagraphs 2.(a)(1) and (2) of this Agreement effective during
the term of this Agreement.
            5. Personal Endorsement and Appearances.
                  (a) Endorsement. KI, Inc. agrees that KI shall endorse KI
Eyewear and that KI will use her best efforts to wear KI Eyewear whenever
reasonably possible and appropriate, with KI to have sole, unfettered discretion
as to where and when to wear KI Eyewear.
                                       3
                  (b) USA Appearance. KI will make one (1) personal appearance
per License Year during the period of this Agreement on behalf of Diplomat at
the Vision Expo in New York, New York, subject to the terms of this paragraph.
Such appearance shall be for the purpose of signing autographs, shall last for a
period of up to three (3) hours, and shall be subject to KI's schedule and
availability. Diplomat, at its own expense, shall provide KI with a hair and
make-up assistant of KI's choosing for each personal or media appearance
required under this Agreement.
                  (c) Travel. Travel expenses of KI in connection with all
scheduled personal appearances under this Agreement, as well the travel expenses
of KI's child, the child's nanny, KI's hair and make-up assistant of KI's
choosing, and two (2) additional traveling companions of KI's choosing
(collectively referred to as KI's "entourage"), shall be provided by Diplomat.
KI and the members of her entourage shall travel via first class air and
portal-to-portal limousine ground transportation. In addition, KI and the
members of her entourage shall be lodged in first class hotel accommodations and
all of them shall be reimbursed for all meals and other incidental expenses in
connection with such appearances. All the above travel expenses of KI and the
members of her entourage shall be billed directly to Diplomat. For purposes of
this paragraph (c), the term "travel expenses" shall include
                  (d) Photo Sessions. KI will participate in up to two (2) photo
sessions per License Year during the period of this Agreement on behalf of
Diplomat at a mutually acceptable time and place. The photo sessions shall be
scheduled at KI's convenience upon not less than two (2) weeks prior notice, and
shall be subject to KI's preexisting personal and professional commitments. The
photo sessions shall be up to two (2) consecutive days in duration, each day to
consist of no more than eight (8) working hours. The photo shoots shall beproduced by SW, approved in writing by Diplomat (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld), and all images produced from the photo sessions shall be
the property of SW. The parties agree that all images from the photo sessions
shall be retouched at the expense of Diplomat. In recognition of SW's expenses
in connection with the above photo sessions, Diplomat shall pay SW the sum of
$       per day for each day (or partial day) of such photo sessions. It is
understood by the parties that such sum shall include all expenses required to
provide Diplomat with positive film (excluding travel expenses of KI, as set
forth in this Agreement), and that such sum contemplates a typical location for
such photo sessions. If a more elaborate set-up for such photo sessions is
required, and such set-up is mutually agreed to by the parties, then the above
sum shall be increased to such amount as the parties shall agree. The above sum
shall not include retouching images.
                  (e) Videotapes. KI will participate in the production of up to
one (1) product information/sales video per License Year during the period of
this Agreement on behalf of Diplomat at a mutually acceptable time and place.
The video production sessions shall be scheduled at KI's convenience upon not
less than two (2) weeks prior notice, and shall be subject to KI's preexisting
personal and professional commitments. The video production sessions shall be up
to two (2) consecutive days
                                       4
in duration, each day to consist of no more than eight (8) working hours. The
video production sessions shall be produced by SW, approved in writing by
Diplomat (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and all images
produced from the video production sessions shall be the property of SW. In
recognition of SW's expenses in connection with such video production sessions,
Diplomat shall pay SW a sum per day for each day (or partial day) of such
sessions, such sum to be agreed upon by the parties. It is understood by the
parties that such sum shall include all expenses required to provide Diplomat
with an acceptable video (excluding travel expenses of KI, as set forth in this
Agreement).
                  (f) Scope of License. The license granted to Diplomat in
subparagraph 2(a) of this Agreement shall include the right to use the photos
and videotapes referred to in subparagraphs 5(d) and 5(e) of this Agreement in
connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of the products described
in subparagraph 2(a) of this Agreement, subject to the prior approval of KI,
Inc.
            6. Good Will, Etc.
            Diplomat recognizes the great value of the good will associated with
KI's name and acknowledges that (a) KI's name, and all rights and good will
pertaining to KI's name, belong exclusively to KI, Inc. and (b) that KI's name
has a secondary meaning in the mind of the public.
            7. KI, Inc.'s Title and Protection of KI. Inc.'s Rights.
                  (a) Diplomat agrees that it will not at any time during the
term of this Agreement or thereafter attack (i) KI, Inc.'s title to, or rights
in and to, KI's name or (ii) the validity of this license. KI, Inc. hereby
indemnifies Diplomat and undertakes to hold it harmless against only those
claims or suits (i) arising solely out of the authorized use of KI's name by
Diplomat in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) brought by those persons or
entities to whom KI, Inc. has licensed the use of KI's name and likeness. Prompt
notice shall be given by Diplomat to KI, Inc. of any such claim or suit. In
addition, KI, Inc. shall have the option to undertake and conduct the defense of
any suit so brought and no settlement of any such claim or suit shall be made
without the prior written consent of KI, Inc.
                  (b) Diplomat shall notify KI, Inc. in writing of any
infringements or imitations by others of KI's name on products similar to those
covered by this Agreement that may come to Diplomat's attention, and KI, Inc.
shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any action shall be taken
in connection with such infringements or imitations. Diplomat shall not
institute any suit or take any action in connection with any such infringements
or imitations without first obtaining the written consent of KI, Inc.
                                       5
            8. Indemnification by Licensee and Product Liability Insurance.
            Diplomat hereby indemnifies KI, Inc. and KI, undertakes to defend
KI, Inc. and KI against, and hold KI, Inc. and KI harmless from, any claims,
suits, loss and damage (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of (a)
any allegedly unauthorized use of any patent, process, idea, method, or device
by Diplomat in connection with the products covered by this Agreement, (b) any
alleged defects in the products covered by this Agreement, and (c) any other
alleged action by Diplomat. Diplomat agrees that it will obtain, at its own
expense, product liability insurance from a recognized insurance company which
is qualified to do business in the State of California providing adequate
protection (at least in the amount of $         ) for KI, Inc., KI and Diplomat
against any claims, suits, loss or damage arising out of any alleged defects in
the products. As proof of such insurance, a fully paid certificate of insurance
naming KI, Inc. and KI as an insured party will be submitted to KI, Inc. by
Diplomat for KI, Inc.'s prior approval before any product is distributed or
sold, and at the latest within thirty (30) days after the date first written
above. Any proposed change in certificates of insurance shall be submitted to
KI, Inc. for its prior approval. KI, Inc. shall be entitled to a copy of thethen prevailing certificate of insurance, which shall be furnished KI, Inc. by
Diplomat. As used in the first 2 sentences of this paragraph 6, "KI, Inc." shall
also include the officers, directors, agents, and employees of the KI, Inc., or
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
            9. Quality of Merchandise.
                  Diplomat agrees that the products covered by this Agreement
shall be of such style, appearance and quality as to be adequate and suited to
their exploitation to the best advantage, protection and enhancement of KI's
name and the good will pertaining to such name. Diplomat further agrees that (a)
such products will be manufactured, sold and distributed in accordance with all
applicable Federal, State and local laws, (b) that the policy of sale,
distribution, and/or exploitation by Diplomat shall be to the best advantage of
KI, Inc. and KI, and (c) that the latter policy shall in no manner reflect
adversely upon the good name of KI and KI, Inc. To this end, Diplomat shall,
before selling or distributing any of the products, furnish to KI, Inc. for its
approval, free of cost, a reasonable number of samples of each product and the
cartons, containers, packing and wrapping material for such products. The
quality and style of such products, as well as of any carton, container or
packing or wrapping material, shall be subject to the approval of KI, Inc.,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Failure to reject any
product, carton, container, or packing or wrapping within 15 days of receipt of
such item or items by KI, Inc. shall be deemed an acceptance of the quality and
style of such item or items. After samples have been approved pursuant to this
paragraph, Diplomat shall not depart therefrom in any material respect without
KI, Inc.'s prior written consent. From time to time after Diplomat has commenced
selling the products, and upon KI, Inc.'s written request, Diplomat shall
furnish without cost to KI, Inc. not more than ten (10) additional random
samples of each product being manufactured and sold by Diplomat under this
Agreement, together with any containers and packing and wrapping material used
in connection with such products.
                                       6
            10. Labeling.
                  (a) Diplomat agrees that it will cause to appear on or within
      each product sold by it under this license and on or within all
      advertising, promotional, or display material bearing KI's name (i) the
      notice "Copyright (c) (year) ______" and any other notice desired by KI,
      Inc and (ii) where such product, advertising, promotional, or display
      material bears a trademark or service mark, appropriate statutory notice
      of registration or application for registration thereof. In the event that
      any product is marketed in a carton, container, packing or wrapping
      material bearing KI's name, such notice shall also appear upon the said
      carton, container, packing or wrapping material. Each and every tag,
      label, imprint, or other device containing any such notice and all
      advertising, promotional or display material bearing KI's name shall be
      submitted by Diplomat to KI, Inc. for its written approval prior to use by
      Diplomat. Approval by KI, Inc. shall not constitute waiver of KI, Inc.'s
      rights or Diplomat's duties under any provision of this Agreement.
                  (b) Diplomat agrees to cooperate fully and in good faith with
      KI, Inc., at the expense of KI, Inc., for the purpose of securing and
      preserving KI, Inc.'s (or any grantor of KI, Inc.'s) rights in and to KI's
      name. It is agreed that nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
      construed as an assignment or grant to Diplomat of any right, title or
      interest in or to KI's name, it being understood that all rights relating
      thereto are reserved by KI, Inc., except for the license hereunder to
      Diplomat of the right to use and utilize KI's name only as specifically
      and expressly provided in this Agreement. Diplomat hereby agrees that at
      the termination or expiration of this Agreement Diplomat will be deemed to
      have assigned, transferred and conveyed to KI, Inc. any trade rights,
      equities, good will, titles or other rights in and to KI's name which may
      have been obtained by Diplomat or which may have vested in Diplomat in
      pursuance of any endeavors covered by this Agreement, and that Diplomat
      will execute any instruments requested by KI, Inc. to accomplish or
      confirm the foregoing. Any such assignment, transfer, or conveyance shall
      be without consideration other than the mutual covenants and
      considerations of this Agreement.
                  (c) Diplomat hereby agrees that its every use of KI's name
      shall inure to the benefit of KI, Inc. and that Diplomat shall not at any
      time acquire any rights in KI's name by virtue of any use it may make of
      such name.
            11. Promotional Material.
                  (a) In all cases where Diplomat desires artwork to be created
      involving products that are the subject of this license, the cost of such
      artwork and the time for the production thereof shall be borne by
      Diplomat. All artwork and designs involving KI's name, or any reproduction
      thereof, shall, notwithstanding their invention or use by Diplomat, be and
      remain the
                                       7
      property of SW, and SW shall be entitled to use the same and to license
      the use of the same by others.
                  (b) KI, Inc. shall have the right, but shall not be under anyobligation, to use KI's name and/or the name of Diplomat so as to give
      KI's name, KI, Inc., or KI, Inc.'s programs full and favorable prominence
      and publicity. KI, Inc. shall not be under any obligation whatsoever to
      use KI's name, or any person, character, symbol, design, likeness, or
      visual representation thereof in any radio or television program.
                  (c) Diplomat agrees not to offer for sale, advertise, or
      publicize any of the products licensed hereunder on radio or television
      without the prior written approval of KI, Inc., which approval KI, Inc.
      may grant or withhold in its unfettered discretion.
            12. Distribution.
                  (a) Diplomat agrees that during the term of this license it
      will diligently and continuously manufacture, distribute and sell the
      products covered by this Agreement and that it will make and maintain
      adequate arrangements for the distribution of the products.
                  (b) Diplomat agrees that it will sell and distribute the
      products covered by this Agreement (i) to jobbers, wholesalers and
      distributors for sale and distribution to retail stores and merchants, and
      (ii) to retail stores and merchants for sale and distribution direct to
      the public. Diplomat shall not, without the prior written consent of KI,
      Inc., sell or distribute such products to jobbers, wholesalers,
      distributors, retail stores, or merchants whose sales or distribution are
      or will be made for publicity or promotional tie-in purposes, combination
      sales, premiums, give-aways, or similar methods of merchandising. In the
      event any sale is made at a special price to any of Diplomat's
      subsidiaries or to any other person, firm or corporation related in any
      manner to Diplomat or its officers, directors or major stockholders, there
      shall be a royalty paid on such sales based upon the price generally
      charged the trade by Diplomat.
                  (c) Diplomat agrees to sell to KI, Inc. such quantities of the
      products at as low a rate and on as good terms as Diplomat sells similar
      quantities of the products to the general trade.
            13. Records.
            Diplomat agrees to keep accurate books of account and records
covering all transactions relating to the license hereby granted. KI, Inc. and
its duly-authorized representatives shall have the right, upon reasonable notice
and at reasonable hours of the day, to visit the offices of Diplomat one time
each calendar quarter for the purpose of examining said books of account and
records, and all other documents and materials in the possession or under the
control of Diplomat, with respect to the
                                       8
subject matter and terms of this Agreement, and shall have free and full access
thereto for said purposes and for the purpose of making extracts therefrom. Upon
demand of KI, Inc., Diplomat shall furnish to KI, Inc. a detailed statement by
an independent certified public accountant showing the number, description,
gross sales price, itemized deductions from gross sales price and net sales
price of the products covered by this Agreement distributed and/or sold by
Diplomat to the date of KI, Inc.'s demand. The cost of preparing such statement
shall be borne by KI, Inc. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
prepared statement indicates that KI, Inc., received less than all royalties
payable to it under this Agreement, and the differential between the royalties
received and those payable amounts to more than  % of the royalties received,
then the cost of such statement shall be borne by Diplomat. In the event books
of account and records shall be kept available for at least two (2) years after
the termination of this license.
            14. Bankruptcy, Violation, Etc.
                  (a) If Diplomat shall not have commenced in good faith to
      manufacture or distribute in commercial quantities sunglasses and
      ophthalmic frames using KI's name within three months after the date of
      this Agreement, or if at any time thereafter in any six calendar month
      period Diplomat fails to sell or distribute sunglasses or ophthalmic
      frames, or any other product described in subparagraph 2(a) of this
      Agreement, KI Inc. may give notice of such failure with respect to any
      such product which has not been so manufactured or distributed during the
      six calendar month period. In the event that Diplomat does not commence
      selling such product in commercial quantities within 90 days after such
      notice, such notice shall be deemed to be a termination of this License
      with respect to such product.
                  (b) If Diplomat files a petition in bankruptcy, or is
      adjudicated a bankrupt, or if a petition in bankruptcy is filed against
      Diplomat, or if it becomes insolvent, or it makes an assignment for the
      benefit of its creditors or an arrangement pursuant to any bankruptcy law,
      or if Diplomat discontinues its business, or if a receiver is appointed
      for it or its business, the license hereby granted shall automatically
      terminate forthwith without any notice whatsoever being necessary. In the
      event this license is so terminated, Diplomat, its receivers,
      representatives, trustees, agents, administrators, successors and/or
      assigns shall have no right to sell, exploit or in any way deal with or in
      any of the products covered by this Agreement, or any carton, container,
      packing or wrapping material, advertising, promotional or display material
      pertaining thereto, except with and under the special consent and
      instructions of KI, Inc. in writing, which they shall be obligated to
      follow.(c) If Diplomat shall violate any of its other material
      obligations under the terms of this Agreement, KI, Inc. shall have the
      right to terminate the license hereby granted upon twenty (20) days'
      notice in writing, and such notice of termination shall become effective
      unless Diplomat shall
                                       9
      completely remedy the violation within the twenty-day period and satisfy
      KI, Inc. that such violation has been remedied.
                  (d) Termination of the license under the provisions of this
      paragraph 14 shall be without prejudice to any rights which KI, Inc. may
      otherwise have against Diplomat. Upon the termination of this license,
      notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all royalties on sales
      theretofore made shall become immediately due and payable and no minimum
      royalties shall be repayable.
            15. Final Statement Upon Termination or Expiration.
            Sixty (60) days before the expiration of this license and, in the
event of its termination, ten (10) days after receipt of notice of termination
or the happening of the event which terminates this Agreement where no notice is
required, a statement showing the number and description of products covered by
this Agreement on hand or in process shall be furnished by Diplomat to KI, Inc.
KI, Inc. shall have the right to take a physical inventory to ascertain or
verify such inventory and statement and refusal by Diplomat to submit to such
physical inventory by KI, Inc. shall forfeit Diplomat's right to dispose of such
inventory, KI, Inc. retaining all other legal and equitable rights KI, Inc. may
have under the circumstances.
            16. Disposal of Stock Upon Termination or Expiration.
            Upon and after the termination of the license, and except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, Diplomat may dispose of products covered
by this Agreement which are on hand, or in process at the time notice of
termination is received, for a period of one hundred and twenty (120) days after
notice of termination, provided advances and royalties with respect to that
period are paid and statements are furnished for that period in accordance with
paragraph 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Diplomat shall not
manufacture, sell or dispose of any products covered by this license after (a)
the expiration of the license, or (b) the termination of the license based on
(i) the failure of Diplomat to affix notice of copyright, trademark or service
mark registration or any other notice to the products, cartons, containers, or
packing or wrapping material or advertising, promotional or display material, or
(ii) because of the departure by Diplomat from the quality and style approved by
KI, Inc. pursuant to paragraph 9.
            17. Effect of Termination or Expiration.
            Upon and after the expiration or termination of this license, all
rights granted to Diplomat hereunder shall forthwith revert to KI, Inc., who
shall be free to license others to use KI's name in connection with the
manufacture, sale and distribution of the products covered hereby, and Diplomat
will refrain from further use of KI's name or any further reference to it,
direct or indirect, or anything deemed by KI, Inc. to be similar to the KI's
name, in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of Diplomat's
products, except as provided in paragraph 17.
                                       10
            18. KI, Inc.'s Remedies.
                  (a) Diplomat acknowledges that (except as otherwise provided
      herein) its failure to commence in good faith to manufacture and
      distribute in commercial quantities any one or more of the products listed
      in subparagraph 2(a) within three (3) months of the date of this Agreement
      and to continue during the term hereof to diligently and continuously
      manufacture, distribute and sell the products covered by this Agreement,
      or any class or category thereof, will result in immediate damages to KI,
      Inc.
                  (b) Diplomat also acknowledges that (except as otherwise
      provided herein) its failure to cease the manufacture, sale or
      distribution of the products covered by this Agreement, or any class or
      category thereof, at the termination or expiration of this Agreement will
      result in immediate and irremediable damage to KI, Inc. and to the rights
      of any subsequent licensee. Diplomat acknowledges and admits that there is
      no adequate remedy at law for such failure to cease manufacture, sale or
      distribution, and Diplomat agrees that in the event of such failure KI,
      Inc. shall be entitled to equitable relief by way of temporary and
      permanent injunctions and such other further relief as any court with
      jurisdiction may deem just and proper.
                  (c) Resort to any remedies herein shall not be construed as a
      waiver of any other rights and remedies to which KI, Inc. is entitled
      under this Agreement or otherwise.
            19. Excuse for Nonperformance.
            Diplomat shall be released from its obligations hereunder and this
license shall terminate in the event that governmental regulations or othercauses arising out of a state of national emergency, war, or causes beyond the
control of the parties render performance impossible and one party so informs
the other in writing of such causes and its desire to be so released. In such
events, all royalties on sales theretofore made shall become immediately due and
payable and no minimum royalties shall be repayable.
            20. No Joint Venture.
            Nothing herein contained shall be construed to place the parties in
the relationship of partners or joint venturers, and Diplomat shall have no
power to obligate or bind KI, Inc. in any manner whatsoever.
            21. No Assignment or Sublicense by Diplomat.
            This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to
Diplomat and shall not, without the written consent of KI, Inc., be assigned,
mortgaged, sublicensed or otherwise encumbered by Diplomat or by operation of
law.
                                       11
            KI, Inc. may assign its rights hereunder, but shall furnish written
notice of such assignment to Diplomat.
            22. No Waiver, Etc.
            None of the terms of this Agreement can be waived or modified except
by an express Agreement in writing signed by both parties. There are no
representations, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings other than
those contained in this Agreement, which represents the entire understanding of
the parties. The failure of either party hereto to enforce, or the delay by
either party in enforcing, any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be
deemed a continuing waiver or a modification thereof and either party may,
within the time provided by applicable law, commence appropriate legal
proceedings to enforce any or all of such rights. No person, firm, group or
corporation (whether included in KI's name or otherwise) other than Diplomat and
KI, Inc. shall be deemed to have acquired any rights by reason of anything
contained in this Agreement, except as provided in paragraphs 8 and 22.
            23. Additional Endorsers. If, during the term of this Agreement,
Diplomat should utilize the services of any other person to endorse its
products, and the public image of such person is so inconsistent with that of KI
as to risk damaging the good will of KI's name should KI, Inc. continue to do
business with Diplomat, then KI, Inc. shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement, subject to the remedial and other provisions of paragraph 14 of this
Agreement.
            24. Miscellaneous Provisions.
                  (a) Authority. KI, Inc. has the full right, power, legal
      capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of KI, to
      carry out its terms, and to grant Diplomat the rights, licenses and
      privileges granted in this Agreement.
                  (b) Merger. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior
      written or oral agreements between the parties.
                  (c) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
      construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
      regard to conflict of law principles.
                  (d) Attorneys' Fees. The prevailing party in any proceeding
      brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to
      recover the reasonable fees and costs of its counsel, plus all other costs
      of such proceeding.
                  (e) Notices. All notices and statements to be given, payments
      to be made and materials to be submitted under this Agreement shall be
      given, made and submitted via certified or registered mail, postage
      prepaid, return
                                       12
      receipt requested, at the addresses of the parties, as set forth above,
      unless notification of a change of address is given in writing, and the
      date of mailing shall be deemed the date the notice or statement is given.
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the date
first set forth above.
                                    /s/ Kathy Ireland                   
                                    ---------------------------------
                                    KATHY IRELAND, Individually
                                    
                                    
                                    KATHY IRELAND, INC.
                                    
                                 By /s/ Kathy Ireland
                                    ---------------------------------
                                    KATHY IRELAND, PresidentTHE STERLING/WINTERS CO.
                                    
                                 By /s/ Jason Winters
                                    ---------------------------------
                                    JASON WINTERS
                                    
                                    
                                    DIPLOMAT AMBASSADOR EYEWEAR GROUP
                                    
                                 By /s/ Barry Budilov
                                    ---------------------------------
                                    BARRY BUDILOV, President
                                       13
                       ADDENDUM TO ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
      This addendum to the Endorsement Agreement between Kathy Ireland, Inc.,
Diplomat Ambassador Eyewear Group, and The Sterling/Winters Company entered into
as of August 24, 1995 now includes the following provision:
      Diplomat Ambassador Eyewear Group agrees to comply with the laws and
regulations of any state or territory in which they manufacture or have
sub-contracted any Kathy Ireland product, especially pertaining to labor and
safety issues.
      Diplomat Ambassador Eyewear Group agrees to comply with any reasonable
requests from Kathy Ireland, Inc. concerning labor and safety resolutions.
                                    DIPLOMAT AMBASSADOR EYEWEAR GROUP
                                    
3/4/97                           By /s/ Barry Budilov
- -------                             ---------------------------------
Dated                               BARRY BUDILOV, President
                                    KATHY IRELAND, INC.
                                    
3/18/97                          By /s/ Kathy M Ireland
- -------                             ---------------------------------
Dated                               KATHY IRELAND, President
                                    
                                    
                                    THE STERLING/WINTERS CO.
                                    
3/21/97                          By /s/ Jason Winters
- -------                             ---------------------------------
Dated                               JASON WINTERSEXHIBIT 10.12
                                ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
       This Endorsement Agreement is made and entered into this first (1st) 
day of January, 1996, by and between Teardrop Putter Corporation having its 
principal office at 207 WatersEdge, Shelter Cove, Hilton Head Island, South 
Carolina 29928 (hereinafter referred to as "TPC"), and Consolidated Artists 
Inc., Sommerville House, Phillips Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 1DE, Channel 
Islands, British Isles (hereinafter referred to as "Consolidated Artists").
                                     WITNESSETH:
    WHEREAS, Brett Ogle (hereinafter referred to as "Ogle") is recognized 
and widely known throughout the world as an expert golfer; and
    WHEREAS, Ogle's name, by virtue of his ability and extensive experience, has
acquired a secondary meaning in the mind of the purchasing public important to
the advertisement, promotion and sale of golf putters; and
    WHEREAS, TPC is engaged in the manufacture, distribution and sale of golf
putters, and is desirous of acquiring the exclusive right to utilize Ogle's name
in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of the Teardrop Putter;
and
    WHEREAS, Consolidated Artists holds all rights to and in Ogle's name and
endorsement for purposes of this Agreement; and
    WHEREAS, Consolidated Artists being exclusively entitled to such rights
within the Contract Territory (as hereinafter defined)
                                        - 2 -
has agreed to authorize such use upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
contained;
    NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and mutual
covenants herein set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, it is
agreed as follows:
    1.    DEFINITIONS: As used herein, the terms set forth below shall be
defined as follows:
         (a)  "Ogle Endorsement" shall mean the name, likeness, photograph, and
              endorsement of Ogle.
         (b)  "Endorsed Product" shall mean a putter manufactured, distributed,
              promoted, advertised and sold by TPC bearing the "Teardrop
              Putter" name and/or logo.
         (c)  "Contract Territory" shall mean the entire world.
         (d)  "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing
              January 1, 1996, and concluding December 31, 1998, unless sooner
              terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.
         (e)  "Contract Year" shall mean that twelve (12)month period of time
              commencing each first (1st) day of January throughout the
              Contract Period.
         (f)  "Major Tournament" shall mean any of the following tournaments:
              the Masters, the U.S. Open, the British Open and the PGA
              Championship.
                                        - 3 -
         (g)  "PGA Tour Tournament" shall mean PGA Tour tournaments, excluding
              the Major Tournaments.
         (h)  "International Tournament" shall mean European PGA Tour
              tournaments (excluding the British Open),Japan PGA Tour
              tournaments and Australian PGA Tour tournaments.
    2.    OGLE TO USE ENDORSED PRODUCT. Consolidated Artists agrees to cause
Ogle to use the Endorsed Product during the Contract Period and throughout the
Contract Territory whenever he is playing competitive golf or otherwise
participating in golf clinics and outings.
    3.    GRANT OF ENDORSEMENT RIGHTS. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, Consolidated Artists grants to TPC the exclusive right and
license, within the Contract Territory and during the Contract Period, to use
the Ogle Endorsement in connection with the manufacture, distribution,
advertisement, promotion and sale of the Endorsed Product.4.    CLOTHING IDENTIFICATION. Consolidated Artists agrees to cause Ogle to
wear a patch and/or an embroidered non-patch bearing the Teardrop name and/or
logo on the right chest, left sleeve, and back of his golf shirt and/or sweater
(near the collar) and/or rain gear whenever he is playing competitive golf,
participating in golf clinics and outings or otherwise engaging in golf
promotional activities during the Contract Period and throughout the Contract
Territory. The expenses for the clothing and placement of the
                                        - 4 -
patch and/or embroidered non-patch shall be borne by TPC. TPC agrees to supply
Consolidated Artists or its designee with adequate quantities of said patch and
embroidered non-patch at no charge to Consolidated Artists.
    5.    RETENTION OF ENDORSEMENT RIGHTS. Subject to the provisions of
Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above, TPC agrees that Consolidated Artists shall retain
all rights in and to the Ogle Endorsement and shall not be prevented from using
or permitting or licensing others to use his name or endorsement in connection
with the promotion, advertisement, or sale of any product or service other than
a golf putter in the Contract Territory during the Contract Period. TPC further
agrees that upon the termination of this Endorsement Agreement for any cause
whatsoever, it will cease using the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle," or
any facsimile thereof, for any promotional or advertising purposes; provided,
however, that TPC shall have the right to use the Ogle Endorsement in
advertisements for ad space purchased by TPC prior to the termination of this
Agreement for a period of up to six (6) months following such termination. In
this connection, TPC shall provide Consolidated Artists with a list of such
previously purchased ad space within seven (7) days of the effective date of
termination and all such advertisements released after the effective date of
termination shall be subject to Consolidated Artists' prior approval pursuant to
the terms of Paragraph 7 below.
                                        - 5 -
    6.    PHOTOGRAPH SHOOTS; PERSONAL APPEARANCES. Consolidated Artists 
agrees, if requested by TPC, to make Ogle available for one (1) day on behalf 
of TPC in each Contract Year during the Contract Period at times and places 
mutually convenient to Ogle and TPC for the purpose of taking still 
photographs for the preparation and production of advertising and promotional 
materials. TPC agrees that such photograph shoots shall not exceed five (5) 
hours each in duration. Further, Consolidated Artists agrees, if requested by 
TPC, to make Ogle available for two (2) personal appearance days on behalf of 
TPC in each Contract Year during the Contract Period at times and places 
mutually convenient to Ogle and TPC. Such personal appearances shall be 
limited to one (1) day and shall not exceed five (5) hours each in duration. 
In addition, TPC agrees to pay all reasonable and necessary expenses 
(including first class travel, hotel accommodations and meal expenses) 
incurred by Consolidated Artists in connection with such photograph shoots 
and personal appearances.
    7.    PROMOTIONAL AND ADVERTISING MATERIALS. TPC agrees to provide
Consolidated Artists and its representative, Advantage International Management,
Inc. ("Advantage"), with a copy of all advertising and promotional materials
which will use or show the Ogle Endorsement for their approval. Such promotional
or advertising materials shall be delivered to Advantage at least fourteen (14)
days prior to their release to the general public, and TPC agrees that the same
shall not be released without the
                                        - 6 -
prior written approval of Advantage. Advantage agrees that it will not
unreasonably disapprove or reject promotional or advertising materials
hereunder, and that Advantage's failure to disapprove such materials within
fourteen (14) days of receipt shall be deemed to be approval. In addition, TPC
agrees to provide Consolidated Artists with complimentary duplicates of all
promotional and/or advertising materials featuring Ogle or the Ogle Endorsement.
    8.    RETAINER FEE. In consideration of the rights and benefits granted to
TPC hereunder, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle a
retainer fee in each Contract Year during the Contract Period ("Retainer Fee")
in accordance with the following schedule:
CONTRACT YEAR                          RETAINER FEE
First (1st) Contract Year              Fifty-Five Thousand U.S.
(Jan. 1, 1996-Dec. 31, 1996)           Dollars ($55,000)
Second (2nd) Contract Year             Seventy Thousand U.S.
(Jan. 1, 1997-Dec. 31, 1997)           Dollars (70,000)
Third (3rd) Contract Year              Ninety Thousand U.S.
(Jan. 1, 1998-Dec. 31, 1998)           Dollars ($90,000)
Said Retainer Fee shall be paid in four (4) equal installments on or before the
first (1st) day of February, May, August and November in each Contract Year.
    9.    TOURNAMENT BONUSES. In addition to the Retainer Fee set forth in
Paragraph 8 above, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle thefollowing tournament bonuses for Ogle's
                                        - 7 -
tournament performances during the Contract Period (the "Tournament Bonus or
Bonuses"):
    (a)  Sixty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($60,000), each time Ogle wins a Major
         Tournament; and
    (b)  Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($20,000), each time Ogle wins a network
         televised US PGA Tour Tournament; and
    (c)   Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars ($10,000) each time Ogle wins a cable
         televised US PGA Tour Tournament; and
    (d)  Seven Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars ($7,500) each time Ogle wins
         a Golf Channel televised US PGA Tour Tournament or a Golf Channel
         televised International Tournament; and
    (e)  Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($5,000) each time Ogle wins an
         International Tournament not televised by Golf Channel or a
         non-televised US PGA Tour Tournament.
TPC shall pay any Tournament Bonuses due Consolidated Artists for a Major
Tournament win within sixty (60) days following TPC's receipt of an invoice from
Consolidated Artists or Advantage and any Tournament Bonuses due Consolidated
Artists for a network televised US PGA Tour Tournament win shall be paid within
forty-five (45) days following TPC's receipt of an invoice from Consolidated
Artists or Advantage. All other Tournament Bonuses due to Consolidated Artists
shall be paid by TPC within thirty (30) days following TPC's receipt of an
invoice from Consolidated Artists or Advantage.
                                        - 8 -
    10. MONEY LIST BONUS(ES). In addition to the Retainer Fee and the
Tournament Bonuses set forth in Paragraphs 8 and 9 above, TPC agrees to pay
Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle the following bonuses in each Contract
Year for Ogle's position on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List ("Money
List Bonus(es)"):
    (a)  Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($50,000) each time Ogle finishes in first
         (1st) place on the Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and
    
    (b)  Twenty-Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($25,000) each time Ogle finishes
         between second (2nd) and tenth (10th) place on the Official Year-End
         PGA Tour Money List; and
    (c)  Fifteen Thousand U.S. Dollars ($15,000) each time Ogle finishes
         between eleventh (11th) and twentieth (20th) place on the Official
         Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and
    (d)  Seven Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars ($7,500) each time Ogle
         finishes between twenty-first (21st) and thirtieth (30th) place on the
         Official Year-End PGA Tour Money List; and
    (e)  Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($5,000) each time Ogle finishes between
         thirty-first (31st) and fortieth (40th) place on the Official Year-End
         PGA Tour Money List.
TPC shall pay any Money List Bonuses due to Consolidated Artists within thirty
(30) days following TPC's receipt of an invoice from Consolidated Artists or
Advantage.
                                        - 9 -
      11. ROYALTY COMPENSATION FOR ENDORSED PRODUCT. In addition to the Retainer
Fee, Tournament Bonuses and Money List Bonuses set forth in Paragraphs 8, 9 and
10 above, TPC agrees to pay Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle royalty
compensation of ten percent (10%) of the net sales of all Endorsed Products
distributed or sold during the Contract Period in or to the Countries of
Australia and New Zealand ("Royalty Compensation"). "Net sales" shall mean the
gross invoice price billed to customers, less customary trade/quantity
discounts, rebates and returns actually credited, but with no deductions of any
kind. No costs incurred by TPC in the manufacture, advertisement, promotion or
exploitation of any Endorsed Product shall be deducted as a cost in calculating
the net sales. TPC agrees to guarantee to Consolidated Artists on behalf of Ogle
a minimum Royalty Compensation of Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($20,000) payable
in four (4) equal installments of Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($5,000) and due
simultaneously with the Retainer Fee on or before the first (1st) day of
February, May, August and November in each Contract Year.
    12. PAYMENT OF ROYALTY COMPENSATION. Within thirty (30) days of the
conclusion of each three (3) month period in each Contract Year during the
Contract Period, TPC agrees to deliver to Consolidated Artists and Advantage anitemized statement setting forth the actual number of all Endorsed Products
distributed and sold during the preceding three (3) month period. Simultaneous
with the delivery of each statement setting forth such totals, TPC
                                        - 10 -
agrees to pay Consolidated Artists the appropriate Royalty Compensation in
excess of the $5,000 quarterly payment set forth in Paragraph 10 above, due on
the sales of the Endorsed Product for the period covered by such statement.
    13. ACCOUNTING FOR ROYALTY COMPENSATION. TPC agrees that it shall keep
accurate and complete books and records showing all Endorsed Products
manufactured, distributed and sold. Consolidated Artists and Advantage, at
Consolidated Artists' expense, shall have the right during the Contract Period
and until two (2) years after the termination of this Agreement to inspect and
make copies of the books and records of TPC insofar as they relate to the
computation of royalty payments due and owing to Consolidated Artists hereunder.
    14. PAYMENTS TO CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS. All payments to be made to
Consolidated Artists pursuant to the terms hereof shall be made by wire transfer
in U.S. Dollars to the following account:
    Account Name:  Advantage International Escrow Fund
    Account #:     20068160-13
    ABA #:         054001547
    Bank Name:     Franklin National Bank of Washington
    Address:       1722 Eye Street
                   Washington, D.C. 20006
                   U.S.A.
    Re:            Consolidated Artists
    15. MINIMUM PLAY REQUIREMENT. TPC shall have the right to prorate the 
Retainer Fee due Consolidated Artists upon fourteen (14) days written notice 
to Consolidated Artists or Advantage in the event Ogle fails to play a 
minimum of seventeen (17) U.S. PGA
                                        - 11 -
Tour Events and the British Open in each Contract Year during the Contract
Period.
    16. TIME OF THE ESSENCE. TPC acknowledges that time is of the essence in the
payment of all compensation due Consolidated Artists hereunder. For the purposes
of this Agreement, all payments not received within thirty (30) days of the date
due shall be deemed "past due". Such past due payments shall bear interest at a
rate of two percent (2%) per month OR the maximum rate permissible by law,
whichever is less. The imposition of interest provided for in this Paragraph
shall be in addition to any other remedies available to Consolidated Artists
under this Agreement or otherwise. Accordingly, Consolidated Artists shall not
be precluded from exercising any other remedies, whether at law or in equity, to
enforce the terms of this Agreement.
    17. SPECIAL RIGHT OF NEGOTIATION AND TERMINATION. If at any time during the
Contract Period Ogle determines that he no longer desires to use the Endorsed
Product Consolidated Artists shall so notify TPC in writing and the parties
shall meet and negotiate in good faith an amicable solution. Such discussion
shall take place within fourteen (14) days of Consolidated Artists' notice and
shall include such issues as Ogle's continued use of the Endorsed Product, the
continued use of the Ogle Endorsement and the termination of this Agreement. If
no solution is reached within fourteen (14) days of such negotiation, the
parties agree that this Agreement shall automatically terminate and that TPC
will cease
                                        - 12 -
using the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle," or any facsimile thereof, for
any promotional or advertising purposes in accordance with the terms set forth
in Paragraph 5 above. In addition, TPC agrees that Consolidated Artists shall be
entitled to the Retainer Fee prorated to the effective date of termination as
well any Tournament Bonuses, Money List Bonuses and any Royalty Compensation
earned by Consolidated Artists prior to the effective date of termination.
    18. PRODUCTS FOR OGLE'S USE. During the Contract Period, TPC shall supply
Consolidated Artists, at no charge, with such quantities of the Endorsed Product
as Consolidated Artists may reasonably request for Ogle's use and the personal
use of Ogle's immediate family. In addition, TPC shall supply Consolidated
Artists at normal wholesale price with such quantities of the Endorsed Product
as Ogle may reasonably request for gifts to others.
    19. PROTECTING THE OGLE ENDORSEMENT. TPC and Consolidated Artists agree that
they will take all necessary steps during the Contract Period and thereafter to
protect the Ogle Endorsement, the name "Brett Ogle" or any facsimile thereof in
connection with the advertisement, promotion, distribution and sale of the
Endorsed Product.20. TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1,
1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December
31, 1998.
                                        - 13 -
    21. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION BY CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS. Consolidated
Artists shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to TPC in the event of the occurrence of any of the
following contingencies:
    (a)  If TPC is adjudicated as insolvent, declares bankruptcy or fails to
         continue its business of selling the Endorsed Product; or
    (b)  If TPC fails to make payment to Consolidated Artists of any sums due
         pursuant to this Agreement within thirty (30) days following the date
         such payment is due hereunder, provided that TPC is notified in
         writing of such nonpayment by Consolidated Artists or Advantage and
         such payment is not made within ten (10) days following such
         notification.
TPC agrees that such termination shall not relieve it of its obligation to pay
Consolidated Artists all compensation contemplated hereunder. Accordingly,
Consolidated Artists shall not waive any of its rights at law or in equity.
    22. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION BY TPC. TPC shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to
Consolidated Artists or Advantage in the event of the occurrence of any of the
following contingencies:
    (a)  In the event of 0gle's death during the Contract Period; or
                                        - 14 -
    (b)  In the event Ogle is convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude.
In the event of such termination above, the parties agree that the Retainer Fee
due Consolidated Artists shall be prorated to the effective date of termination.
Furthermore, TPC agrees that any Tournament Bonuses, Money List Bonuses and any
Royalty Compensation earned by Ogle prior to the effective date of termination
shall be paid in full within thirty (30) days of such effective date of
termination.
    23. INDEMNITY. TPC agrees to protect, indemnify and hold harmless
Consolidated Artists and Ogle from and against any and all expenses, damages,
claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, including attorneys'
fees, arising out of, or in any way connected with, any claim or action which
arises from the use of the Endorsed Product, the use of the Ogle Endorsement, or
the performance of Consolidated Artists' and Ogle's obligations hereunder.
    24. WAIVER. The failure of TPC or Consolidated Artists at any time or times
to demand strict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants or
conditions set forth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver or
relinquishment thereof and either may at any time demand strict and complete
performance by the other of said terms, covenants and conditions.
    25. ASSIGNMENT. Neither TPC nor Consolidated Artists shall have any right to
grant sublicenses hereunder or to otherwise
                                        - 15 -
assign, transfer, alienate, encumber or hypothecate any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of the other
party, except that Consolidated Artists shall have the right to assign the
financial benefits hereof and TPC hereby consents to such assignment.
    26. NOTICES. All notices required hereunder shall be sent by telefax,
overnight mail or first class mail, return receipt requested, as appropriate, to
the parties at the following addresses:
    TPC                  Mr. Fred A. Hochman
                         President
                         Teardrop Putter Corporation
                         207 WatersEdge, Shelter Cove
                         Hilton Head Island, South Carolina 29928
    Consolidated         Consolidated Artists, Inc.
    Artists              Sommerville House
                         Phillips Street
                         St. Helier
                         Jersey JE1 1DE
                         Channel Islands
                         British Isles
    cc:                  Advantage International Management, Inc.
                         1751 Pinnacle Drive
                         Suite 1500
                         McLean, Virginia 22102
                         Attention:  Mr. Peter RoismanAdvantage and TPC shall promptly notify each other in writing of any change of
address.
    27. EMPLOYER/EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP. Nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be construed as establishing an employer/employee relationship between TPC
and Consolidated Artists. Accordingly, there shall be no withholding for tax
                                        - 16 -
purposes from any payments due hereunder to Consolidated Artists by TPC.
    28. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to contracts
entered into and wholly to be performed within the Commonwealth of Virginia and,
in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, venue shall be the
Commonwealth of Virginia. Should Consolidated Artists be required to institute
litigation due to TPC's breach of any terms of this Agreement, all costs of such
litigation, including reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be borne by TPC.
    29. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS. Paragraph headings contained hereunder are
solely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and are
not in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.
Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the construction of this
Agreement, it is to be construed as though such paragraph headings had been
omitted.
    30. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding
between Consolidated Artists and TPC, and cannot be altered or modified except
by an agreement in writing signed by both parties. Upon its execution, this
Agreement shall supersede all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements,
whether oral or written, and such prior agreements shall thereupon be null and
void and without further legal effect.
                                        - 17 -
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first above written.
                                       TEARDROP PUTTER CORPORATION
Date:  2-27-96                         BY: /s/ Brian R. Hochman
    --------------------                  --------------------------------
                                           Brian R. Hochman
                                           President
                                       CONSOLIDATED ARTISTS, INC.
Date:  10-4-96                    By: /s/ M. M. Murray
    --------------------                  --------------------------------
                                       Its: Ass Secretary
                                           -------------------------------
                                       GUARANTY
    I, the undersigned, Brett Ogle, do hereby acknowledge that I have read the
foregoing Agreement between Teardrop Putter Corporation ("TPC") and Consolidated
Artists, Inc. ("Consolidated Artists") and am aware of the terms thereof. In
this connection, I agree that I will be bound by the terms and conditions of
such Agreement and that I will be entitled to the rights and benefits set forth
therein, as fully as if I have been a party to such Agreement. Furthermore, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions and as a material
inducement to TPC to enter into said Agreement with Consolidated Artists, I do
hereby guarantee the performance of said Agreement by Consolidated Artists. This
guaranty shall only be effective upon the execution of the Agreement by
Consolidated Artists.
DATE:  3/28/96                         /s/ Brett Ogle
    --------------------               -----------------------------------
                                       BRETT OGLEREDACTED COPY
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS
DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN REDACTED
AND HAVE BEEN SEPARATELY
FILED WITH THE COMMISSION
 
1ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement is entered into on January 13, 2005 between professional golfer, TOM WATSON, (hereinafter referred to
as “CONSULTANT”) and ADAMS GOLF, LTD. (hereinafter referred to as “ADAMS GOLF”).
WITNESSETH
WHEREAS, ADAMS GOLF desires to obtain the right to use the name, likeness and ENDORSEMENT of
CONSULTANT in connection with the advertisement and promotion of ADAMS GOLF’S PRODUCT;
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
CONTRACT PERIOD
1.   TERM OF CONTRACT
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of
September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
2.   DEFINITIONS 
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below:
 
  A.
CONSULTANT’S “ENDORSEMENT” means the right to use the CONSULTANT’S name, fame, nickname, autograph,
voice, facsimile, signature, photograph, likeness, and image in connection with the marketing, advertising, promotion and sale of
ADAMS GOLF’S PRODUCT.
B.“PRODUCT” shall mean all golf clubs including, but not limited to, metal woods, drivers, fairway woods, irons, iron-
woods, utility clubs, wedges, and putters, bags, and headwear.
 
C.“MANDATORY PRODUCTS” shall mean the following ADAMS GOLF PRODUCTS that CONSULTANT must
exclusively play/use in all Champions/Senior Professional Golf Association (SPGA) and Professional Golf Association
(PGA) events at all times:
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
21.[*****]
2.Sufficient [*****] to maintain total minimum of [*****] ADAMS GOLF [*****] (includes [*****])[*****] at all
times
3.[*****]
4.[*****] (CONSULTANT may continue to place the [*****] logo on the [*****] consistent with historical practice.)
D. “CONTRACT TERRITORY” shall mean the entire world.
CONSULTANT’S OBLIGATIONS
3.   CONSULTANT’S ENDORSEMENT
CONSULTANT hereby gives and grants to ADAMS GOLF the exclusive right and license to use
CONSULTANT’S ENDORSEMENT in connection with the manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising and promotion of
PRODUCT in the CONTRACT TERRITORY.
 
4. EXCLUSIVITY OF ENDORSEMENT
 
During the term of this Agreement, unless otherwise authorized at the sole discretion of ADAMS GOLF in writing,
CONSULTANT shall not:
 
A.give the right to use or permit the use of CONSULTANT’S name, facsimile signature, nickname, voice or likeness to any
other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT;
B.sponsor or endorse PRODUCT made or sold by any other manufacturer or seller; or
C.serve as a CONSULTANT or advisor of any other manufacturer or seller of PRODUCT.
D.Notwithstanding paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above,  CONSULTANT shall be entitled to endorse and play the [*****].
The parties expressly  agree that  CONSULTANT may permit [*****] the use of  CONSULTANT’S name and/or
likeness in [*****] print and/or television advertisement provided that this is executed in a manner consistent with [*****]
past [*****] advertising practice using similarly situated professional golfers  with competing golf club endorsement
agreements that include [*****]. If  [*****] use of  CONSULTANT varies from past practice of utilizing similarly
situated professionals, CONSULTANT will take action to remedy the situation [*****]. If CONSULTANT participates
directly in any [*****] sponsored photo shoots for advertising or PR, CONSULTANT shall wear his ADAMS GOLF
[*****]. The parties further expressly agree that  CONSULTANT’S endorsement of the [*****] shall not include the
right to place a [*****] logo on his ADAMS GOLF [*****] or the ADAMS GOLF [*****]. If CONSULTANT’S
relationship with [*****] terminates during this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall be permitted to replace the [*****]
endorsement with another [*****] endorsement under the same terms and conditions expressed herein.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
3E.Notwithstanding paragraphs 4A, 4B and 4C above,  CONSULTANT shall not be required to wear  ADAMS  GOLF
[*****] in [*****] ads.
5.   EXCLUSIVE USE OF PRODUCT
During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall exclusively play/use the MANDATORY PRODUCT. (It is
expressly understood by the parties that CONSULTANT may play [* ****] clubs in the bag other than ADAMS GOLF clubs
including, but not limited to, a putter by a manufacturer other than ADAMS GOLF but may not endorse those clubs and/or putter.)
6. 
 
CONSULTANT’S ENDORSEMENT OF NON-COMPETITIVE PRODUCT
If CONSULTANT endorses or promotes a non-competitive product and in that endorsement or promotion CONSULTANT
wears, plays, uses, holds or is in any way associated with a product that would constitute PRODUCT as defined under this
Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use objectively reasonable best efforts to ensure that PRODUCT is an ADAMS GOLF
PRODUCT and it shall not be altered or changed in appearance in the endorsement in any manner whatsoever without the
express written consent of ADAMS GOLF. When endorsing a non-competitive product, under no circumstances shall
CONSULTANT wear, play, use, hold or in any way be associated with an ADAMS GOLF competitor’s Product.
7.   CONSULTANT’S SATISFACTION OF MANDATORY PRODUCT
It is particularly and expressly understood and agreed that if CONSULTANT shall find in his sincere best reasonable
judgment that the MANDATORY PRODUCT so supplied is not suitable for his use in tournament competition, then he shall
promptly notify ADAMS GOLF in writing of such fact and the reasons therefor. Thereafter, ADAMS GOLF shall have a
period of thirty (30) days to either, at ADAMS GOLF’S sole discretion, supply CONSULTANT with MANDATORY
PRODUCT that is acceptable to him or terminate the agreement. It is agreed that if the contract is terminated pursuant to
this paragraph, the compensation due CONSULTANT shall be prorated from the date this Agreement is terminated.
Proration of compensation shall be determined on the same repayment schedule as provide in paragraph 8A below.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
48. MINIMUM NUMBER OF TOURNAMENTS AND POTENTIAL REPAYMENT OF BASE COMPENSATION
 
  A. 
In each and every calendar year of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall achieve a satisfactory record of play in a
minimum of [* ****] professional golf association events on the SPGA and/or PGA tour (which shall include both the PGA and
SPGA Tour Skins Games). If for any reason, CONSULTANT should achieve a satisfactory record of play in less than
[*****] SPGA and/or PGA tour events in a calendar year, he shall repay ADAMS GOLF an amount per event for each
event under [*****] achieved in the given calendar year as follows:
The agreed upon repayment amount per event per calendar year:
1.  Year 1. $[*****]
2.  Year 2 $[*****]
3.  Year 3 $[*****]
4.  Year 4 $[*****]
5.  Year 5 $[*****]
B.Payment shall be made to ADAMS GOLF within one month following the end of the calendar year. For example, if in
the calendar year 2005  CONSULTANT achieves a satisfactory record of play in [*****] events, he shall repay
ADAMS GOLF [*****] dollars no later than January 31, 2006.
C.In the event that CONSULTANT is prevented from competing for reasons outside his control, the parties  agree to a
good faith attempt to resolve the issues. If a resolution can not be reached, ADAMS GOLF may, at its sole discretion,
demand prorated repayment pursuant to the repayment schedule in paragraph 8A above.
9.     PRODUCT DESIGN
 
During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to cooperate with ADAMS GOLF in giving
advice, suggestions and recommendations concerning the acceptability and playability of current ADAMS GOLF lines, the
development of new ADAMS GOLF lines, and information about significant golf PRODUCT and golf market trends, and
meet as reasonably requested with ADAMS GOLF’S Design/Testing Teams.
 
10.    PROMOTION OF PRODUCT
     During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to wear the headwear and display ADAMS
GOLF’S brand name and to demonstrate, discuss and emphasize the newest features of ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT at
every opportunity including but not limited to all Senior PGA tour events and promotional and advertising events in which
CONSULTANT takes part.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
511.    PROMOTIONAL APPEARANCES
A.During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT shall use best efforts to be available for such press interviews, radio
or TV appearances arranged for  CONSULTANT by ADAMS GOLF which are compatible with CONSULTANT’S
own practice, play and personal time requirements. CONSULTANT will be required to be available after a tournament
for selected interviews, either the Sunday afternoon or Monday morning following the tournament. In all such interviews
and appearances, CONSULTANT will use his best efforts to make reference to the ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT and
wear [*****] and display ADAMS GOLF’S brand name.
B.During the term of this Agreement,  CONSULTANT shall make himself available on not more than [ *****] days for
television and radio commercials, photo shoots, modeling and  promotional appearances compatible with
CONSULTANT’S own practice, play and personal time requirements. Said activities shall  be directly related to the
promotion of ADAMS GOLF PRODUCT. ADAMS GOLF shall reimburse CONSULTANT for reasonable travel
expenses for CONSULTANT when making special appearances for  ADAMS GOLF pursuant to this paragraph but
ADAMS GOLF shall not pay CONSULTANT session fees, residual payments or the like for television appearances.
Travel expenses shall include jet fuel or first-class round-trip airfare and lodging, meals and local transportation.
12.   BEHAVIOR
During the term of this Agreement, CONSULTANT will conduct himself at all times with due regard to public morals and
conventions. If the value of CONSULTANT’S ENDORSEMENT is materially reduced or impaired because
CONSULTANT:
A.committed or shall commit any public act that involves moral turpitude,
B.commits or violates any material foreign, U.S., federal, or other applicable state or local law,
C.commits any act which brings him into public disrepute, contempt, scandal or  ridicule, or which insults or offends the
community,
D.makes any statements in derogation, in any material respect, of ADAMS GOLF or any of its affiliates or any of their
respective PRODUCT or  services and such statement is made to the general public or becomes a  matter of public
knowledge,
then at any time after the occurrence of such act, thing or statement, ADAMS GOLF shall have the right, in addition to its
other legal and equitable remedies, to immediately terminate this Agreement, by giving written notice to CONSULTANT.
ADAMS GOLF must exercise its right of termination within ninety (90) days of its senior management becoming aware of
the conduct giving rise to the right of termination.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
613.  FREEDOM TO CONTRACT
CONSULTANT represents and warrants that CONSULTANT is free of all prior undertakings and obligations which would
prevent or tend to impair either the full performance of CONSULTANT’S obligations hereunder or ADAMS GOLF’S full
enjoyment of the rights and privileges granted to it by CONSULTANT.
14. INDEMNITY
CONSULTANT agrees to protect, indemnify and hold ADAMS GOLF harmless from any and all liability, claims, causes of
action, suits, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) for which it becomes liable or is
compelled to pay by reason of a breach of any covenant or representation by CONSULTANT in this Agreement.
15.  ABSENCE OF AGENCY
CONSULTANT shall not and will not have the right or authority to bind ADAMS GOLF by any representation or in any
other respect whatsoever or to incur any obligation or liability in the name of or on behalf of ADAMS GOLF.
16. MEMBERSHIPS
CONSULTANT warrants and represents that during the term of this Agreement he is a member in good standing of SAG,
AFTRA or any other organization having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT’S services hereunder. This Agreement is subject
to all of the terms and conditions of the collective bargaining agreements with SAG, AFTRA, or any other union agreements
or codes having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT’S services hereunder. Any and all payments required to be made to SAG
or AFTRA or any other organization having jurisdiction over CONSULTANT’S services hereunder, shall be the sole
responsibility of CONSULTANT.
ADAMS GOLF’S OBLIGATIONS
17.   SUPPLY OF PRODUCT
A. During the term of this Agreement,  ADAMS GOLF shall provide CONSULTANT with sufficient quantities of such
MANDATORY PRODUCTS for CONSULTANT’S use as  CONSULTANT may reasonably need to fulfill his
obligations under this agreement.  ADAMS  GOLF  shall pay all charges in connection with the delivery of
MANDATORY PRODUCTS to CONSULTANT.
B.In addition to paragraph 17A above, A DAMS GOLF shall provide CONSULTANT with [*****] sets of clubs for
CONSULTANT’S family and friends each calendar year of this Agreement.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
718.  BASE COMPENSATION
For the entire term of this Agreement, from September 1, 2004 through [*****] ADAMS GOLF shall pay CONSULTANT
a base compensation of [*****] dollars. The base compensation shall be paid [*****].
19.   PERFORMANCE BONUSES AND TOTAL COMPENSATION LIMITATION
  A. In addition to his base compensation, CONSULTANT shall also be entitled to bonuses based on performance in
particular PGA and SPGA events and year-end standing as follows:
  1. If CONSULTANT wins a PGA Tour Major (consisting of the Masters, US Open, PGA and British Open) or the
Champion’s Tour (SPGA) US Open, CONSULTANT shall receive a bonus of $ [*****].
  2. If CONSULTANT wins a Champions/Seniors Tour (SPGA) major other than the US Open (which shall for the
purposes of this agreement consist of the Senior PGA, Senior British, the Tradition and the Ford Seniors)
CONSULTANT shall receive a bonus of $ [*****].
3. If CONSULTANT finishes in the top [*****] on the official year end money list of the Champion’s Tour (SPGA),
CONSULTANT shall also be entitled to a year end performance bonus according to the following schedule:
a.2005 $ [*****]
b.2006$ [*****]
c.2007$ [*****]
d.2008$ [*****]
e.2009$ [*****]
B.Notwithstanding paragraph A and its subparts above, the maximum total annual bonuses shall  in no case exceed the
following schedule:
1.2005 $ [*****]
2.2006$ [*****]
3.2007$ [*****]
4.2008$ [*****]
5.2009$ [*****]
(For example, if in the calendar year [*****]CONSULTANT wins every PGA tour major and finishes in the top [*****]
on the official year end money list of the Champion’s Tour (SPGA), CONSULTANT’S total bonuses shall be [*****]
dollars.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
8C. 
In the event of ADAMS GOLF’S insolvency or bankruptcy, it is expressly agreed to by the parties that CONSULTANT
shall not be obligated to repay any money so long as CONSULTANT continues to fully perform his obligations under this
Agreement.
 
20.  APPROVAL OF ADVERTISING
Prior to publishing or placing any advertising or promotional material which uses CONSULTANT’S name, facsimile
signature, nickname, voice or likeness, ADAMS GOLF shall submit the same to CONSULTANT, or CONSULTANT’S
designee, for approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If CONSULTANT disapproves, the
reasons therefore shall be given to ADAMS GOLF in writing within three (3) business days or shall be deemed approved.
ADAMS GOLF agrees to protect, indemnify and hold CONSULTANT harmless from and against any and all expenses,
damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way connected with, any advertising
material furnished by, or on behalf of, the company.
21.  INDEMNITY
  ADAMS GOLF agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CONSULTANT from any and all liability, claims, causes of
action, suits, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) for which he becomes liable or is
compelled to pay by reason of or arising out of any claim or action for personal injury, death or otherwise involving alleged
defects in ADAMS GOLF’S PRODUCT, provided that ADAMS GOLF is promptly given notice in writing and is given
complete authority and information required for the defense, and ADAMS GOLF shall pay all damages or costs awarded
therein against CONSULTANT and any other cost incurred by CONSULTANT in defense of any suit, but shall not be
responsible for any cost, expense or compromise incurred or made by CONSULTANT without ADAMS GOLF’S prior
written consent.
TERMINATION
22.  FAILURE TO PLAY 
Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this Agreement, in the event that CONSULTANT dies or is unable to play tour golf
at all, ADAMS GOLF may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days’ written notice. Upon such termination,
CONSULTANT and/or CONSULTANT’S estate shall be required to repay ADAMS GOLF for that period of the
Agreement not performed by CONSULTANT. The repayment amount shall be calculated in the same way as repayment is
calculated under paragraph 8A.
 
923.  TERMINATION FOR CAUSE 
Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this Agreement, if either party commits any material breach of this Agreement, the
other party may terminate for cause upon giving fifteen (15) days written notice of such cause and provided the breach is not
rectified within such fifteen (15) day period. Upon such termination, CONSULTANT shall be required to repay ADAMS
GOLF for that period of the Agreement not performed by CONSULTANT. The repayment amount shall be calculated in
the same way as repayment is calculated under paragraph 8A.
24.  ADAMS GOLF’S RIGHTS UPON TERMINATION
A.In  the event of termination of this Agreement,  ADAMS  GOLF  shall cease using the name and/or likeness of
CONSULTANT in advertising within [*****] days.
B.In  the event of termination of this Agreement,  ADAMS  GOLF  shall cease using the name and/or likeness of
CONSULTANT on Product within [*****] months after termination of this Agreement.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
24. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS
Section headings contained herein are solely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and are not in any
sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement. Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the
construction of this Agreement, it is to be construed as though such section headings had been omitted.
25. APPLICABLE LAW
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Kansas.
26. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The provisions of this Agreement are intended by the parties as a complete, conclusive and final expression of their
agreement concerning the subject matter hereof, which Agreement supersedes all prior agreements concerning the subject
matter, and no other statement, representation, agreement or understanding, oral or written, made prior to or at the execution
hereof, shall vary or modify the written terms hereof. No amendments, modifications or releases from any provision hereof
shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties.
27. WAIVER
Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing, no departure from, waiver of, or omission to require compliance with any of the
terms hereof by either party shall be deemed to authorize any prior or subsequent departure or waiver, or obligate either party
to continue any departure or waiver.
 
[***** ]  Confidential Material redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
1028. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY REQUIRED
This instrument shall not be considered to be an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoever on the
part of CONSULTANT or ADAMS GOLF unless and until it has been signed by CONSULTANT, or a duly authorized
representative, and by duly authorized representatives of ADAMS GOLF and delivery has been made of a fully signed
original to both parties.
29. SEVERABILITY
Any provision or part of this Agreement prohibited by applicable law shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition
without invalidating the remaining provisions or parts hereof.
30. RELATIONSHIP 
Both parties agree that this Agreement does not constitute and shall not be construed as a constituting of a partnership or joint
venture between ADAMS GOLF and CONSULTANT. Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the other party
in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shall give or is intended to give any rights of any kind to any third
person.
31. ASSIGNMENT AND CHANGE OF CONTROL 
Neither ADAMS GOLF nor CONSULTANT shall have the right to grant sublicenses hereunder or to assign, alienate or
otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder.
32. CONFIDENTIALITY
Both parties understand that the contents of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all amounts paid or to be paid and
any additional consideration, are extremely confidential, and that disclosure of same to any third party could be detrimental to
the interests of one or both parties. Therefore, both parties agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement, without the
permission of the other party, to any third party other than to CONSULTANT’S business, legal and financial advisors, and
with respect to all such advisors, CONSULTANT shall take all reasonable steps to ensure such confidentiality to ADAMS
GOLF. Furthermore, CONSULTANT recognizes that during the course of performing his duties hereunder he may become
aware of proprietary, confidential information concerning ADAMS GOLF, its PRODUCT, methods, processes, billing
practices, financial condition, etc., or information ADAMS GOLF designates as confidential (collectively “Confidential
Information”). CONSULTANT agrees that he will maintain in confidence and not disclose to any third party at any time any
such Confidential Information and shall not use any such information to the detriment of ADAMS GOLF or for any purpose
not contemplated by the Agreement.
 
 
1133.  ARBITRATION
In the event a dispute arises under this Agreement which cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be submitted to arbitration
and resolved by a panel of three arbitrators (who shall be lawyers), in a decision required by a majority of the arbitrators. If
the parties cannot agree upon the panel of three arbitrators, then each party may pick an arbitrator and the two chosen
arbitrators shall choose upon the three-arbitrator panel. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Venue shall be Kansas. The award or decision rendered by the arbitration
panel shall be final, binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award by any court of competent
jurisdiction.
34. NOTICE
Every written notice or written report which may be served upon CONSULTANT, according to the terms of this
Agreement, may be served by enclosing it in a postpaid envelope addressed to:
Mr. Tom Watson
C/O Assured Management Company
1901 W. 47th Place, Suite 200
Westwood, Kansas 66205
or at such other address as is given in writing to ADAMS GOLF by CONSULTANT.
Every written notice which may be served upon ADAMS GOLF, according to the terms of this Agreement, shall be served
by enclosing it in a postpaid envelope addressed to:
Attention Legal Department
ADAMS GOLF, LTD.
2801 East Plano Parkway
Plano, Texas 75074
or at such other address as is given in writing by ADAMS GOLF to CONSULTANT.
12IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first set forth
above.
 
 
APPROVED FOR CONSULTANT      
       
       
By: /s/ Tom Watson     Date: January 13, 2005
Tom Watson
   
   
 
 
APPROVED FOR ADAMS GOLF, LTD.      
       
       
By: /s/ Oliver G. “Chip” Brewer III     Date: January 13, 2005
Oliver G. (“Chip”) Brewer III
   
 
CEO, ADAMS GOLF
   
 
 
13EXHIBIT 10.15
                              ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
     This ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made this 1st day of
                                                               ---
November, 2003 by and between Bruce Jenner, Individual ("CELEBRITY"), with his
offices located in California; and The Right Solution, a Nevada Corporation (the
COMPANY), with its offices located at 3035 East Patrick Lane, Suite 14, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89120.
     WHEREAS, CELEBRITY has experience in public speaking and marketing and
     WHEREAS, the COMPANY desires to do business with the CELEBRITY and
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and
agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the COMPANY and
CELEBRITY agree as follows:
1.   ENGAGEMENT
     The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to
     speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the
     Company products.
2.   The CELEBRITY will be limited to six speaking engagements for the year and
     five conference calls per month at the company's discretion.
3.   The CELEBRITY will assist in getting a distributorship started through his
     contacts and fan mail. The CELEBRITY can designate the party placed in the
     distributorship direct to the Company. This distributorship will be
     independent of the endorsement terms of the agreement and will remain on
     going as long as the CELEBRITY maintains the annual membership fee.
4.   TERMS FOR THE COMPANY
     (i)  The COMPANY will flag the CELEBRITY center at level six for a six
     month period. COMPANY will provide the necessary time to work with the
     business on products, strategies and opportunity. Jack Zufelt will
     coordinate all efforts and work direct with the CELEBRITY and or the
     designee.
     (ii) The COMPANY will provide products at no cost for use by the CELEBRITY
     for personal use throughout the duration of this agreement. COMPANY will
     pay $10,000 upfront to begin representation and support of the CELEBRITY.
     (iii) CELEBRITY will receive $6,000 per month for entire duration of the
     agreement. The COMPANY will give stock to the CELEBRITY which will be
     restricted for one year from issuance and will be as follows:
               Monthly Sales Volume             Stock Options
               --------------------             -------------
               $  300,000                    300,000     shares
                  600,000                    600,000     shares
                1,000,000                    1,000,000   shares
     These stock options will remain in place until certificates are issued once
     volumes are met as long as the CELEBRITY maintains the distributorship by
     paying the annual dues of $15.00.
     (iv) The terms of this agreement will remain confidential between CELEBRITY
          and the COMPANY unless written permission is granted for release by
          both parties.
     (v)  Travel arrangements and accommodations will be provided by the
          COMPANY. This will be first class accommodations when available.
     TERMS FOR THE CELEBRITY
Work with Jack Zufelt to develop a business strategy that can be implemented
within 30 days of the signing of this agreement.
     (i)  Identify marketing platform to recruit new distributors
     (ii) Develop a recruiting packet for new recruits that are duplicable with
          most tools coming from the corporate website and / or inventory.
    (iii) CELEBRITY will be available for phone conferences and meeting
          participating at any level deemed necessary by the COMPANY.
     (iv) CELEBRITY will be available for conference calls not to exceed five
          per month and at the discretion of his schedule.
     (v)  The terms of this agreement will remain confidential between CELEBRITY
          and the COMPANY unless written permission is granted for release by
          both parties.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
     CELEBRITY and CELEBRITY Personnel will act as an independent contractor in
     the performance of its duties under this Agreement. Accordingly, CELEBRITY
     will be responsible for payment of all federal, state, and local taxes on
     compensation paid under this Agreement, including income and social
     security taxes, unemployment insurance, and any other taxes due relative to
     Distributor's Personnel and any and all business license fees as may be
     required. This Agreement neither expressly nor impliedly creates a
                                                ---
     relationship of principal and agent, or employee and employer, between
     Distributor's Personnel and the COMPANY. Neither CELEBRITY nor CELEBRITY
     Personnel are authorized to enter into any agreements on behalf of theCOMPANY. The COMPANY expressly retains the right to approve, in its sole
     discretion, each Asset Opportunity or Business Opportunity introduced by
     CELEBRITY, and to make all final decisions with respect to effecting a
     transaction on any Business Opportunity.
6.   TERMINATION
     The COMPANY and CELEBRITY may terminate this Agreement under the following
     conditions:
     (A)  By the COMPANY.
          --------------
          (i)  If during the Term of this Agreement the CELEBRITY  is unable to
               provide the Services as set forth herein for thirty (30)
               consecutive business days because of illness, accident, or other
               incapacity of CELEBRITY Personnel; or,
          (ii) If CELEBRITY willfully breaches or neglects the duties required
               to be performed hereunder; or,
     (B)  By CELEBRITY
          ------------
          (i)  If the COMPANY fails to make any payments or provide information
               required hereunder; or,
          (ii) If the COMPANY ceases business or, other than in an Initial
               Merger, sells a controlling interest to a third party, or agrees
               to a consolidation or merger of itself with or into another
               corporation, or enters into such a transaction outside
               of the scope of this Agreement, or sells substantially all of its
               assets to another corporation, entity or individual outside of
               the scope of this Agreement; or,
         (iii) If the COMPANY subsequent to the execution hereof has a receiver
               appointed for its business or assets, or otherwise becomes
               insolvent or unable to timely satisfy its obligations in the
               ordinary course of, including but not limited to the obligation
               to pay the Initial Fee, the Transaction fee, or the CELEBRITY
               Fee; or,
7.   INDEMNIFICATION
     Subject to the provisions herein, the COMPANY and CELEBRITY agree to
     indemnify, defend and hold each other harmless from and against all
     demands, claims, actions, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses,
     including without limitation, interest, penalties and attorneys' fees and
     expenses asserted against or imposed or incurred by either party by reason
     of or resulting from any action or a breach of any representation,
     warranty, covenant, condition, or agreement of the other party to this
     Agreement. The CELEBRITY will have full release of liability in regards to
     product performance and/or law suites resulting from use of the product.
     This liability will remain the responsibility of the COMPANY and
     manufacturers.
8.   MISCELLANEOUS
     (i)  Subsequent Events.  CELEBRITY and the COMPANY each agree to notify the
          -----------------
          other party if, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, either party
          incurs obligations which could compromise its efforts and obligations
          under this Agreement.
     (ii) Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended or modified at any time and
          ---------
          in any manner only by an instrument in writing executed by the parties
          hereto.
    (iii) Further Actions and Assurances.  At any time and from time to time,
          ------------------------------
          each party agrees, at its or their expense, to take actions and to
          execute and deliver documents as may be reasonably necessary to
          effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.
     (iv) Waiver.  The party to whom such compliance is owed may waive any
          ------
          failure of any party to this Agreement to comply with any of its
          obligations, agreements, or conditions hereunder in writing. The
          failure of any party to this Agreement to enforce at any time any of
          the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a
          waiver of any such provision or a waiver of the right of such party
          thereafter to enforce each and every such provision. No waiver of any
          breach of or noncompliance with this Agreement shall be held to be a
          waiver of any other or subsequent breach or noncompliance.
     (v)  Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any right created by it shall
          ----------
          be assignable by either party without the prior written consent of the
          other or as stated herein.(vi) Notices.  Any notice or other communication required or permitted by
          -------
          this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to be properly
          given when delivered in person to an officer of the other party, when
          deposited in the United States mails for transmittal by certified or
          registered mail, postage prepaid, or when deposited with a public
          telegraph COMPANY for transmittal, or when sent by facsimile
          transmission charges prepared, provided that the communication is
          addressed:
          (A)  In the case of the COMPANY:
               The Right Solution
               3095 East Patrick Lane, Suite 14
               Las Vegas, Nevada 89120
          (B)  In the case of the CELEBRITY:
               Bruce Jenner
               2345 Elbury Court
               Lake Sherwood, CA 91361
          or to such other person or address designated in writing by the
          COMPANY or CELEBRITY to receive notice.
9.        Governing Law.  This Agreement was negotiated and is being contracted
          -------------
          for in Nevada, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of
          Nevada, and the United States of America, notwithstanding any
          conflict-of-law provision to the contrary.
10.       Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties
          --------------
          hereto
11.       Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement
          ----------------
          between the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior
          agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the parties
          relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No oral
          understandings, statements, promises, or inducements contrary to the
          terms of this Agreement exist. No representations, warranties,
          covenants, or conditions express or implied, other than as set forth
          herein, have been made by any party.
12.       Severability.  If any part of this Agreement is deemed to be
          ------------
          unenforceable the balance of the Agreement shall remain in full force
          and effect.
13.       Counterparts.  A facsimile, telecopy, or other reproduction of this
          ------------
          Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts,
          each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
          shall constitute one and the same instrument, by one or more parties
          hereto and such executed copy may be delivered by facsimile or similar
          instantaneous electronic transmission device pursuant to which the
          signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen. In this event,
          such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and
          effective for all purposes. At the request of any party hereto, all
          parties agree to execute an original of this Agreement as well as any
          facsimile, telecopy or other reproduction hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date
above written.
     The COMPANY                         CELEBRITY
     The Right Solution                  Bruce Jenner
     A Nevada Corporation                Independent Contractor/COMPANY
     By ____________________________     By _________________________________
        Rick Bailey President / CEOEXHIBIT 10.13
                             ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
               This Agreement is made as of the 20th day of March 2002, by and
between Holiday RV Superstores, Inc., d/b/a Recreation USA (the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation having its principal office at 200 East Broward Boulevard,
Suite 920, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301, and Affinity Group, Inc. ("AGI"), a
Delaware corporation having its principal office located at 2575 Vista Del Mar
Drive, Ventura, California 93001 (each a "Party" and collectively the
"Parties").
               WHEREAS, the Company is a multi-state chain of dealerships
engaged in the retail sales of service of recreational vehicles (the
"Business"); and
               WHEREAS, AGI, either directly or through subsidiaries, operates
the "Good Sam" club for recreational vehicle enthusiasts; and
               WHEREAS, the Company has determined that it would be beneficial
sell vehicles with the Good Sam endorsement; and
               WHEREAS, the Company has raised capital that it represents will
be sufficient to fund its operations as projected for at least the next year and
AGI is willing to make the Good Sam name available as an endorsement for certain
vehicles sold by the Company on the terms and for the consideration set forth
herein.
               NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the promises
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
        1. License of Good Sam Name and Logo.
               A. AGI hereby grants a non-exclusive license (the "License") to
the Company and its operating subsidiaries now or hereafter existing to use the
Good Sam name and logo, including trademarks, trade names, or service marks as
designated by AGI (the "Trademarks"), in connection with the sale of such new
and used vehicles by the Company that have satisfied such criteria and standards
as are established from time to time by AGI (the "Approved Use"). AGI warrants
that it has the right and ability to grant the License to the Company to use the
Trademarks for the Approved Use in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and, provided that the Company uses the Trademarks for the Approved Use in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such grant will not infringe upon
the rights of any other party. If the Company promptly notifies AGI in writing
of a third party claim against the Company alleging that the Company's use of
the Trademarks infringes a United States registered trademark, and if such claim
of infringement is not caused in whole or in part by the Company having used the
Trademarks other than for the Approved Use or other than strictly in the manner
approved by AGI in accordance with the terms of this
                                      -1-
Agreement, AGI will defend such claim at its expense and will indemnify the
Company, its agents and representatives, for all losses, claims, charges, costs
and expenses incurred by the Company as a result of such claim. The Company
hereby agrees to reimburse and indemnify and hold AGI harmless from and against
all losses, claims, charges, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) incurred by AGI as a result of any claim involving or arising in
connection with any use other than an Approved Use or a use otherwise approved
by AGI in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
               B. In order to protect the good will of AGI and the Good Sam
club, AGI retains the right to review and approve in advance and in its sole
discretion, all uses of the Trademarks and the Good Sam name and logo.
Therefore, the Company shall give AGI at least ten business days prior written
notice and description of intended use by the Company of the Trademark and the
Good Sam name and logo, and the Company's use of the Trademarks and the Good Sam
name and logo is subject to approval of AGI.
               C. The Company agrees that its use of the Trademarks and the Good
Sam name and logo is restricted to the Approved Use, and the Company shall not
use the Trademarks or the Good Sam name or logo for any other purpose. In
connection with the Approved Use, the Company shall not use the Trademarks or
the Good Sam name or logo in any manner that is detrimental to AGI, the Good Sam
Club or any of their affiliates or any of their respective goodwill or business.
Upon the termination of this Agreement, whether by expiration of its term
pursuant to Paragraph 6A or otherwise, the Company shall cease all uses of the
Trademarks and the Good Sam logo and name in any fashion.
        2. Endorsement. Subject to the Terms of Section 7 hereof, AGI hereby
grants the Company the right to hold the Business out as having the License (the
"Endorsement").
        3. Term and Termination.
               A. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of
this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement
and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "TerminationDate"). In the event that the Company desires to terminate the Agreement prior
to the Termination Date, it shall provide AGI with at least 60 days prior
written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement
shall so terminate following the expiration of this 60-day period, without any
further responsibility by either Party except as provided in Section 5.
               B. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time in the
event of a material breach by the other Party which remains uncured after thirty
days written notice thereof.
                                      -2-
               C. Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately
following written notice to the other Party if the other Party:
                                (i) ceases to do business in the normal course;
               suffers the entry of an order for relief declaring such Party
               insolvent or bankrupt;
                                (ii) is the subject of any proceeding related to
               its liquidation or insolvency (whether voluntary or involuntary)
               which is not dismissed within ninety calendar days;
                                (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of
               creditors.
               D. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement for any
reason, AGI has earned and shall be entitled to retain all royalties paid prior
to termination and, in addition AGI shall be entitled to payment from the
Company of all compensation and unreimbursed expenses, if any, outstanding as of
the date of termination.
        4. Royalties. As consideration of Endorsement, concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to AGI a fee in the amount of
$1,500,000. This fee shall be fully earned by AGI upon the receipt thereof and
shall not be refundable for any reason. As consideration for the License, the
Company shall pay to AGI such fees as may be established from time to time by
mutual agreement of the Company and AGI.
        5. Marketing of Products. AGI and the Company agree to develop and
implement a program for marketing certain products and services offered by AGI
through the Good Sam program, including, without limitation, the emergency road
service program and the extended warranty program offered through Good Sam. Such
marketing program will be on terms acceptable to AGI and the Company and shall
be subject to standards and procedures designated by AGI. The terms of the
marketing program will be set forth in a marketing agreement between AGI and the
Company. The marketing agreement will provide, among other things, the terms
pursuant to which the Company shall make "Fulfillment Deposits" for warranty
products sold as a part of the marketing program.
        6. Relationship. This Agreement shall not create a partnership or a
joint venture between AGI and the Company, and neither party hereto shall have
any authority to act for or represent the other party hereto or bind it to any
agreements or obligations.
        7. Public Disclosure Requirement. The Company may cause the release of a
public announcement of the Endorsement which sets forth, in pertinent part, a
                                      -3-
description of this Agreement, including without limitation, the name of AGI and
the nature of the License. At least three business days prior to the
dissemination of any such public announcement or filing containing the
above-required description, the Company shall submit to AGI for its review and
comment the proposed public announcement or description. AGI shall thereafter
have three business days within which to submit its editions or amendments to
the public announcement and/or description for inclusion therein, and the
Company shall in its reasonable judgment and subject to the advice of its
counsel attempt to incorporate such editions and amendments in the final version
disseminated by the Company.
               In the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Company, the
Endorsement may be withdrawn by AGI in its sole discretion and this Agreement
terminated pursuant to the terms of Section 3B. In the event of such withdrawal,
the Company agrees forthwith to take such action as AGI may request to publicly
evidence that the Endorsement has been withdrawn and the Company agrees not to
hold the Business out as having the Endorsement.
        8. Notices. Any notices hereunder shall be sent to the Company and AGI
at their respective address above set forth. Any notice shall be given by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, and shall be deemed to have been
given when deposited in the United States mail. Either party may designate any
other address to which notice shall be given, by giving written notice to the
other of such address in the manner herein provided.
        9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
understanding between the Parties with respect to its subject matter and
supersedes all prior discussion, agreements and understandings between them with
respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified except in a writing signed
by the Parties.10. Governing Law. This Agreement has been made in the State of
California and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
thereof without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
        11. No Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor the rights of either Party
hereunder shall be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of
the other Party.
        12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
        13. Non-Compliance. If any provision of this Agreement conflicts with
any law, rule or regulation of any federal, state or self-regulatory
organization, or any other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the
activities or services described
                                      -4-
herein, then in that event, the Company and AGI shall amend this Agreement to
bring any affected provision into compliance with such regulations.
        14. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Both Parties intent that this
Agreement shall not benefit or create any right or cause of action in or on
behalf of any person or entity other than the Parties hereto.
        15. No Party Deemed Drafter. Both Parties agree that they have each
materially and fully participated in the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement and, if this Agreement ever should be the subject of interpretation by
a court or arbitrator, it shall not be construed or interpreted against either
Party for the reason that it was drafted by only one Party.
        16. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the context so requires or permits, all references to the
masculine herein shall include the feminine and neuter, all references to the
neuter herein shall include the masculine and feminine, all references to the
plural shall include the singular and all references to the singular shall
include the plural.
        17. Attorneys' Fees. If legal action shall be necessary to enforce any
of the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred thereby.
        18. Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time, both Parties
agree, without further consideration, to take such actions and to execute and
deliver such documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate the purposes
of this Agreement.
        19. No Implied Waivers. This Agreement may be amended, modified,
superseded, cancelled, renewed or extended, and the terms and conditions hereof
may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the Parties or, in the
case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance. No delay on the part of any
Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any right,
power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder.
              [The balance of this page intentionally left blank.]
                                      -5-
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be executed the day and year first above written.
Affinity Group, Inc.
By:  /s/ Paul E. Schedler
    -------------------------------
Name: Paul E. Schedler
Title: Vice President
Holiday RV Superstores, Inc.
By: /s/ Marcus A. Lemonis
    -------------------------------
Name:   Marcus A. Lemonis
Title:  Chief Executive Officer
                                      -6-ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
    THIS ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT is made and entered into effective this day of
___________________, 19__,  by and between SPORT-HALEY, INC.,  a Colorado
corporation (the "Company"), and _________________ (hereinafter referred to as
the "Professional").
    WHEREAS, the Professional is an active, exempt and full-time touring
professional on the Professional Golfer's Association Tour (the "PGA Tour");
and/or (the "Senior PGA Tour") and
    WHEREAS, the company is in the business of designing and marketing quality
men's and women's golf and active sportswear under the Haley label and desires
to obtain the services of the Professional in endorsing, promoting and
publicizing the Company and Haley apparel;
    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements of the parties set forth
below, and in consideration of the Company's agreement to make the payments
below described to the Professional the parties hereto agree as follows:
    1.   SERVICES OF THE PROFESSIONAL.  The Professional agrees to perform the
         following services during the term of this Agreement:
              a.  The Professional agrees that, with respect to men's apparel,
         he will exclusively endorse and use exclusively in play, practice, 
         exhibits, clinics and other events open to the media or public, Haley 
         brand apparel which shall consist of shirts, vests, jackets, sweaters,
         pants and shorts (if permitted by applicable rules).
              b.  The Professional grants to the Company the exclusive worldwide
         right and license to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs,
         electronic media depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or
         depiction's which would identify the Professional to the public in 
         connection with the advertising, promotion, publicizing, sale and 
         distribution of Haley apparel by the Company.
              c.  Upon reasonable written request of the Company which shall be
         tendered at least 30 days prior the date requested, the Professional 
         shall make himself available for the purpose of posing for print ads,
         making commercials and other promotional materials, or attending 
         promotional events organized by the Company once per calendar year.  In
         the event of such requests by the Company, the company shall be 
         responsible for the payment of all reasonable travel, lodging and 
         meal expenses incurred in connection with the Professional rendering
         services described in this subsection. Should the services of the
         Professional be required for longer than one day, the Professional 
         shall be entitled to his daily appearance fee, plus reasonable 
         expenses, for each day in excess of one day.
              d.  The Professional shall have the opportunity to select from 
         the Company's semi-annual golf sportswear collections for the purposes
         of obtaining a wardrobe of Haley apparel suitable to the Professional 
         at the Company's expense. The Company shall have the right to place on
         the left chest and right sleeve of any jackets, shirts, vests, or 
         sweaters and above the back pocket of any pants selected by the 
         Professional the Company's logo and name in use by the Company at that
         time.
   2.    RIGHTS OF USAGE.  As described in Section 1(b) above, the Professional
         has granted the company an exclusive worldwide right and license
         to use his name, autograph, likeness, photographs, electronic media
         depiction, signature and any other words, symbols or depiction's
         (hereinafter the "Professional's Image") which will identify the
         Professional to the public in connection with the advertising, 
         promotion, publicizing, sale and distribution of Haley apparel.  The
         Company shall have unlimited rights of utilization of the 
         Professional's Image in all advertising, promotion, publicity and 
         other forms of communication with any part during the term of this 
         Agreement, it being the intent of the Professional that the Company's
         utilization of the Professional's Image shall be at the discretion of
         the Company.  The right of usage described herein shall be subject to
         the requirement that the Company shall not place the Professional's 
         Image in an unfavorable light.  The Professional or the Professional's
         designated agent shall have the right to review any advertising,  
         promotion or publicity materials utilized by the company which  
         contain the Professional's Image on reasonable written or oral 
         request to the Company during the term of this Agreement.
    3.   COMPENSATION OF THE PROFESSIONAL.  In consideration of the rights
         granted to the Company and the services to be provided by the 
         Professional, the Professional shall receive the following 
         compensation:
    4.   PAYMENTS. All payments to be made to the Professional pursuant to the
         terms of this Agreement shall be made to the Professional and 
         delivered to ________________________________________________________ 
         __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
         or at such other address as shall be designated in writing by
         Professional.
    5.   RETENTION OF ENDORSEMENT RIGHTS. Except with respect to endorsement
         rights granted to the Company for the apparel described herein, the
         Professional shall retain all rights in and to the professional's name
         and endorsement and the Professional shall not be prevented from 
         using, permitting or licensing others to  use the Professional name or
         endorsement in connection with the advertising, promotion or sale of 
         any product other than golf apparel as described in Section 1 hereof. 
         The Professional represents and warrants that no agreement, contract 
         or understanding exists which would prevent or limit the performance 
         of any of his obligations under this Agreement.
    6.   TERM. The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of
         execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written
         agreement of the parties. The parties shall use their best efforts to
         reach agreement on the terms of any such extension. In the event the 
         Professional should for any reason become a non-exempt PGA Tour player,
         the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at its
         discretion at any time during the initial term or any extension 
         thereof.  Additionally, if either part shall fail to observe or 
         perform any of the agreements or obligations undertaken by such party
         hereunder, and such failure or default shall continue for a period of
         30 days following notice from the non-defaulting party to the 
         defaulting party during which such failure or default shall not have 
         been cured by the defaulting party, then the non-defaulting party 
         shall have the right to terminate this Agreement following the 
         expiration of such 30-day notice period. The non-defaulting part
         hereunder. Following the expiration of 90 days from the termination or
         expiration of this Agreement, the Company shall cease usage of all 
         publicity, promotion and advertising materials which contain the
         Professional's Image, it being the understanding of the parties that
         during such 90-day period the Company shall have the right to use 
         such remaining publicity, promotion or advertising materials as shall
         then be available to the Company.
    7.   NOTICE. All notices and communications required or permitted to be
         given hereunder shall be in writing, signed by the sender, and 
         delivered by registered or certified mail to:
    If to the Company:       Robert G. Tomlinson, Chairman and CEO
                             Sport-Haley, Inc.
                             4600 East 48th Avenue
                             Denver, CO 80216
    With a copy to:          Robert W. Walter, Esq.
                             Berliner Zisser Walter & Gallegos, P. C.
                             Suite 4700
                             1700 Lincoln Street
                             Denver, CO 80203
    If to the Professional:
    With a copy to:
    or such other address as shall have been furnished in writing by the
    parties to each other.
    8.   ENTIRE AND SOLE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire
         agreement between the parties and supersedes all statements, promises
         and understandings, whether oral or written, with respect to subject
         matter hereof.
    9.   SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement may not be assigned by the 
         Professional under any circumstances. The Company shall not be 
         entitled to assign this Agreement to any other party without the 
         Professional's express prior written consent, except any assignment 
         by the Company as a result of a stock exchange, merger, consolidation,
         or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, in which 
         case not such consent shall be required.
    10.  SEVERABILITY. Should any one or more of the provisions of this 
         Agreement be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, all other
         provisions of this Agreement shall be given effect separately from the
         provision or provisions determined to be illegal or unenforceable.
    11.  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in  
         accordance with, and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado 
         without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
    12.  COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or
         more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which
         together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Facsimile 
         signatures shall be accepted by the parties hereto as original 
         signatures for all purposes.
    13.  HEADINGS. The headings in this Agreement are for purposes of 
         convenience and easy reference only and shall not limit or otherwiseaffect the meaning hereof.
    14.  DISPUTES. In the event of any dispute which arises between the parties
         and which relates to the subject matter of this Agreement, the parties
         acknowledge and agree that any such dispute shall be submitted for 
         binding arbitration in accordance with the arbitration procedures 
         established by the American arbitration Association in Denver, 
         Colorado.  If such association is not then in existence, an 
         independent association of arbitrators may be utilized  which is 
         designated by agreement of the parties. In the event the parties are 
         unable to agree on an independent association of arbitrators, either 
         party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for appointment
         of arbitrators.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Professional have executed this 
Endorsement Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
                                       PROFESSIONAL:
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                       COMPANY:
                                       SPORT-HALEY, INC.
                                       By:
                                          -------------------------------------EXHIBIT 10.28
                               MOVADO GROUP, INC.
                              ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
            WHEREAS, Movado Group, Inc. (the "Company") and the Trustees of the
Grinberg Family Trust (the "Trust") entered into a Policy Collateral Assignment
And Split Dollar Agreement, dated as of December 5, 1995 (the "Split Dollar
Agreement"); and
            WHEREAS, pursuant to the Split Dollar Agreement, life insurance
protection is provided to the beneficiaries of the Trust, upon the of the death
of the survivor of Gedalio Grinberg ("Executive") and Sonia Grinberg (Executive
and Sonia Grinberg are collectively referred to as the "Insureds") under a life
insurance policy issued to the Trust by the New York Life Insurance Company,
Policy No. 45660373 (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy"); and
            WHEREAS, pursuant to the Split Dollar Agreement, the Policy is owned
by the Trust and collaterally assigned by it to the Company in order to secure
the repayment of the amounts due to the Company in respect of the Company's
loans to the Trust which have been used by the Trust to pay the premiums on the
Policy (such loans totaling $5,186,860 on the date hereof and being represented
by a Demand Note, dated December 5, 1995, between the Company and the Trust (the
"Demand Note")); and
            WHEREAS, Section XIII of the Split Dollar Agreement provides that it
may be amended at any time and from time to time by a written instrument by the
parties thereto; and
            WHEREAS, Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of the 2002 (the
"Act") prohibits certain public companies (including the Company) from directly
or indirectly making or arranging for an extension of credit in the form of a
personal loan to its executive officers on or after July 30, 2002; and
            WHEREAS, Executive and a Trustee and a beneficiary of the Trust are
executive officers of the Company; and
            WHEREAS, counsel to the Company has advised the Company that the
collateral assignment split-dollar life insurance arrangement reflected in the
Split Dollar Agreement may violate the aforementioned prohibition on personal
loans to executive officers set forth in Section 402 of the Act, in respect of
loans made to the Trust on or after July 30, 2002, although there exists no
authority on point and reasonable arguments may be made to the contrary; and
            WHEREAS, in order to best ensure that the Company does not violate
the aforementioned prohibition on personal loans to executive officers set forth
in Section 402 of the Act, the parties hereto wish to (i) amend and restate the
Split Dollar Agreement, (ii) rename the amended and restated Split Dollar
Agreement the "Movado Group, Inc. Endorsement Agreement" (hereinafter referred
to as the "Endorsement Agreement" or the "Agreement"), and (iii) transfer the
Policy to the Company in partial repayment of the outstanding $5,186,860
principal balance of the Demand Note, with such repayment being in an amount
equal to the cash
                                                                               2
surrender value of the Policy on the date hereof ($4,595,591), and with the
remaining principal balance of the Demand Note ($591,269) continuing to be
subject to the terms and conditions of the Demand Note.
            NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration for the mutual promises contained
herein, the parties hereto agree to amend and restate the Split Dollar Agreement
in its entirety as follows:
            1. Transfer of Policy; Partial Repayment of Demand Note. The
Trustees of the Trust hereby agree to promptly execute any and all documents
required by the New York Life Insurance Company (the "Insurer") and the Company
to transfer ownership of the Policy from the Trust to the Company in exchange
for the Company's agreement to promptly execute any and all documents required
to reflect the partial repayment of the outstanding principal balance of the
Demand Note, as described in the recitals above.
            2. Ownership of Policy. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, the Company shall be the sole and exclusive owner of the Policy.
            3. Surrender, Withdrawals, Loans; Etc. Other than as specifically
allowed herein, the Company shall not borrow from, hypothecate, withdraw cash
value from, surrender in whole or in part, cancel, or in any other manner
encumber the Policy without the prior written consent of the Trustees of the
Trust. Unless the Company and the Trustees of the Trust otherwise agree, in the
event there is a complete or partial surrender or cancellation of the Policy,
the proceeds payable as a result of the surrender, cancellation, withdrawal or
loan shall be paid to the Company in an amount equal to the aggregate premiums
paid under the Policy since inception, and any remaining proceeds shall be
payable to the Trust.
            4. Investment of Cash Values. If the Policy provides the policy
owner with a choice of investment funds for the Policy cash values, the Company
shall select the funds in which to invest such cash values.
            5. Payment of Premiums. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the
Company agrees to pay premiums on the Policy as provided under the Policy. Inthe event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with terms of Section 11,
the Company shall not be liable for any premiums owed on the Policy after the
date of termination.
            6. Payment of Death Benefits. Upon the death of the survivor of the
Insureds, the death benefit under the Policy (including any interest payable
under the Policy in respect of such death benefit for the period from the date
of death of such survivor until the payment of the death benefit) shall be
divided as follows:
                  (a) The Company shall be entitled to receive an amount equal
to the aggregate premiums paid under the Policy since inception less the amount
of the then outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note (the "Company Death
Benefit"). (If the Policy provides for a death benefit equal to the sum of the
face amount of the Policy and any cash account or accumulation value, the
Company Death Benefit shall first be paid from the cash account or accumulation
value portion of the death benefit.)
                                                                               3
                  (b) The Trust shall be entitled to receive the excess, if any,
of the Policy's death benefit over the Company Death Benefit.
                  (c) If any interest is payable under the Policy in respect of
the death benefit for the period from the date of death of such survivor until
the payment of the death benefit, the Company and the Trust shall share in such
interest in proportion that their respective share of such death benefit (as
determined under Section 6(a) and (b) hereof) bears to the total death benefit,
excluding any interest thereon.
            7. Company Default. In the event of a "Company Default" (as defined
below), the Trust shall have the right to require the Company to cure the
Company Default by notifying the Company in writing within sixty (60) days after
its receipt of notice of a Company Default, or if later, within thirty (30) days
after a Trustee becomes aware of the Company Default. If the Company fails to
cure the Company Default within sixty (60) days after being notified by the
Trust of the Company Default, the Trust shall have the right to require the
Company to transfer its interest in the Policy to the Trust. The Trust may
exercise this right by notifying the Company, in writing, within sixty (60) days
after the Company Default occurs. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall
immediately transfer ownership of the Policy to the Trust and the Company shall
thereafter have no rights with respect to the Policy. The Trust's failure to
exercise its rights under this Section 7 shall not be deemed to release the
Company from any of its obligations under this Agreement, and shall not preclude
the Trust from seeking other remedies with respect to the Company Default. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Company Default" shall be deemed to have occurred
with respect to the Policy if the Company fails to pay a premium on the Policy
as required under the terms of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after the
due date for such premium, or if the Company processes or attempts to process a
policy loan, or a complete or partial surrender, or a cash value withdrawal
without prior written approval from the Trustees of the Trust. The Company shall
notify the Trustees of the Trust within five (5) business days of any event
which constitutes a Company Default.
            8. Notice. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and sent by
certified mail with postage prepaid. Any notice to the Company shall be
addressed to the attention of the General Counsel, with a copy to the Chief
Executive Officer, at the principal office of the Company at 650 From Road;
Paramus, New Jersey 07652. Any notice to the Trustees of the Trust shall be
addressed to the Trustees of the Trust, 115 Central Park West, Apt. 4D, New
York, New York 10023, with a copy to Andrew W. Regan, Esq. c/o Shearman &
Sterling, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Any party may change
his or its address by giving written notice of such change to the other party
pursuant to this Section 8.
            9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between
the Company and the Trust with respect to the subject matter hereof and contains
all of the agreements, whether written, oral, express or implied, between the
Company and the Trust and supersedes any other agreement by and between the
Company and the Trust except to the extent specifically set forth herein.
            10. Amendment. The Company may amend or modify this Agreement at any
time, but any such amendment or modification that would adversely affect the
rights of the Trust
                                                                               4
under this Agreement shall not be effective without the prior written consent of
the Trustees of the Trust.
            11. Termination. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to
the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the
Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy
since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the
Demand Note). In the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this
Section 11, the Company shall transfer the Policy to the Trust as soon as is
administratively practicable. Payment of the foregoing amounts by the Trust to
the Company will be full repayment of the Demand Note.
            12. Governing Law. Except to the extent preempted by Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rights
hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, or
the rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of anyjurisdiction other than the State of New York to apply. If this Agreement is
determined to be subject to ERISA, it is intended to be exempt from the
reporting and disclosure provisions of ERISA pursuant to Section 104(a)(3) of
ERISA and Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104-24.
            13. Administration. If this Agreement is determined to be subject to
ERISA, it shall be administered by the Company, or its designee (the "Plan
Administrator"), which shall be the "named fiduciary" of this Agreement for
purposes of ERISA. The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to make,
amend, interpret, and enforce all rules and regulations for the administration
of this Agreement and decide or resolve any and all questions, including
interpretations of the Agreement, as may arise in connection with this
Agreement. In the administration of this Agreement, the Plan Administrator from
time to time may employ agents and delegate to them or to others (including
executives of the Company) such administrative duties as it sees fit. The Plan
Administrator from time to time may consult with counsel, who may be counsel to
the Company. The decision or action of the Plan Administrator (or its designee)
with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement shall be final
and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this
Agreement. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Plan Administrator
and any Company employee to whom administrative duties under this Agreement are
delegated, against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense or liability
arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Agreement, except
in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Plan Administrator
or any such employee.
            14. Claims Procedures. If this Agreement is subject to ERISA, any
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be filed
with the Plan Administrator or its designee which shall make all determinations
concerning such claim. Any decision by the Plan Administrator denying such claim
shall be in writing and shall be delivered to all parties in interest in
accordance with the notice provisions of Section 8 hereof. Such decision shall
set forth the reasons for denial in plain language. Pertinent provisions of the
Agreement shall be cited and, where appropriate, an explanation as to how the
claimant can perfect the claim will be provided. This notice of denial of
benefits will be provided within ninety (90) days of the Plan Administrator's
receipt of the claim for benefits. If the Plan
                                                                               5
Administrator fails to notify the claimant of its decision regarding the claim,
the claim shall be considered denied, and the claimant then shall be permitted
to proceed with an appeal as provided for in this Section 14.
            A claimant who has been completely or partially denied a benefit
shall be entitled to appeal this denial of his or her claim by filing a written
statement of his or her position with the Plan Administrator no later than sixty
(60) days after receipt of the written notification of such denial. The Plan
Administrator shall schedule an opportunity for a full and fair review of the
issue within thirty (30) days of receipt of the appeal. The decision on review
shall set forth specific reasons for the decision, and shall cite specific
references to the pertinent provisions of the Agreement on which the decision is
based.
            Following the review of any additional information submitted by the
claimant, either through the hearing process or otherwise, the Plan
Administrator shall make its decision regarding the merits of the denied claim
within sixty (60) days following receipt of the request for review (or within
120 days after such receipt, in a case where there are special circumstances
requiring extension of time for reviewing the appealed claim). The Plan
Administrator shall deliver the decision to the claimant in writing. If an
extension of time for reviewing the appealed claim is required because of
special circumstances, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the
claimant prior to the commencement of the extension. If the decision on review
is not furnished within the prescribed time, the claim shall be deemed denied on
review.
            15. Successors. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and bind the Company, the Trust and their respective
successors, assignees and representatives.
            16. Gender. The masculine pronoun includes the feminine and the
singular includes the plural where appropriate for valid construction.
            17. No Contract of Employment. This Agreement shall not be deemed to
constitute a contract of employment between Executive and the Company, nor shall
any provision restrict the right of the Company to discharge Executive, or to
restrict the right of Executive to terminate employment with the Company.
            18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of
the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts and all such
counterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Each party
hereto confirms that any facsimile copy of such party's executed counterpart of
this Agreement (or its signature page thereof) shall be deemed to
                                                                               6
be an executed original thereof.
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
as of this 4th day of April, 2003.
                                              MOVADO GROUP, INC.By: /s/ Timothy F. Michno
                                                  ------------------------------
                                              Name: Timothy F. Michno
                                              Title:  General Counsel
THE GRINBERG FAMILY TRUST
By:  /s/ Efraim Grinberg
    ------------------------------------
    Efraim Grinberg, Trustee
By: /s/ Miriam G. Phalen
    ------------------------------------
    Miriam G. Phalen, Trustee
By: /s/ Alexander Grinberg
    ------------------------------------
    Alexander Grinberg, TrusteeEXHIBIT 10.14
                            ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
      THIS ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into as
of May 31, 1999, by and between FAMOUS FIXINS, INC., 250 West 57th Street,
Suite 2501, New York, New York 10107 ("Company") and PEY DIRT, INC. ("Pey
Dirt").
                                  WITNESSETH
      WHEREAS, Company desires to obtain the right to use the name, likeness
and endorsement of Peyton Manning (hereinafter called "Manning") in
connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of Company's "Products"
(hereinafter defined); and
      WHEREAS, Manning has granted such rights to Pey Dirt together with the
right to sublicense such rights.
      NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and of the
mutual promises and conditions herein contained, the parties do hereby agree
as follows:
      1.    Definitions.  As used herein, the following terms shall be
defined as set forth below:
      (a)   "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of
May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
      (b)   "Contract Territory" shall mean the states of Indianapolis and
Tennessee and Company's e-commerce site.
      (c)   "Contract Year Quarter" shall mean each 3 consecutive month
period occurring during any Contract Year ("Contract Year" meaning any twelve
month period herein commencing as of June 1) (so that, by way of example, the
first Contract Year Quarter of the first Contract Year commences as of June
1, 1999, the second commences on September 1, 1999, etc.).
      (d)   "Endorsed Products" shall mean all Products of Company which have
the Manning Identification (defined below) highlighted as a part thereof (in
the Products' name or otherwise) or which are shipped in containers or
packages bearing the Manning Identification.
      (e)   "Manning Identification" shall mean any words or symbols or
photographic or graphic representations or combinations thereof which
identify Manning such as, for example, the name and likeness of Manning.
      (f)   "Premium Program" shall mean any traffic builder, third party
tie-in program or other program involving the use of a premium and shall
include any program primarily designed to attract the consumer to purchase a
product or service other than Endorsed Products themselves.
      (g)   "Products" shall mean cold breakfast cereals.
      2.    Grant of Endorsement Rights. (a) Pey Dirt grants to Company the
exclusive right and license to use Manning Identification within the Contract
Territory during the Contract Period in connection with the advertisement and
promotion by Company of Products in television, radio, print and point of
purchase.  Pey Dirt also grants to Company, subject to all of the terms and
conditions herein, the non-exclusive right to use the Manning Identification
in connection with certain merchandise that may be featured on the back panel
of the Endorsed Products packaging, said merchandise to be subject to Pey
Dirt's sole and exclusive discretion and approval.  Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, it is specifically agreed that the Manning
Identification cannot be used, in whole or in part, in connection with (i)
Premium Programs and/or (ii) any multi-media use except for Company's e-
commerce site.  Pey Dirt expressly agrees that the right to use Manning
Identification will not be granted to anyone other than Company for use
within the Contract Territory during the Contract Period in connection with
the advertisement, promotion and sale of Products.  Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, Company shall not have the right to distribute
photographs of Manning which are larger than 5" x 7".
      (b)   Company agrees that during the Contract Period it will use its
best efforts actively and aggressively to (i) promote the sale of all
Endorsed Products in the Contract Territory, and (ii) prevent the sale of any
Endorsed Products outside the Contract Territory.  Failure of Company to
comply with the provisions of this Section 2(b) shall entitle Pey Dirt to
revoke this license immediately (notwithstanding any other provision in this
Agreement to the contrary).
      (c)   Pey Dirt has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if
Company's Endorsed Products are not being distributed in the Contract
Territory to a significant number of stores by October 1, 1999.
      3.    Approvals.  Company agrees that no use whatsoever of Manning
Identification nor any item used in connection with Manning Identification
(including, without limitation, advertising) will be made hereunder unlessand until the same has been approved by Pey Dirt. Pey Dirt agrees that any
material, advertising or otherwise, submitted for approval as provided herein
may be deemed by Company to have been approved hereunder if the same is not
disapproved in writing within fourteen (14) days after receipt thereof.
Pey Dirt agrees that any material submitted hereunder will not be
unreasonably disapproved and, if it is disapproved, that Company will be
advised of the specific grounds therefor.  Company agrees to protect,
indemnify and save harmless Pey Dirt and Manning, or either of them, from and
against any and
                                      -2-
all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and
costs whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way connected with, any
advertising material furnished by, or on behalf of, Company.
      4.    Remuneration. (a) Within thirty (30) days following the
conclusion of each Contract Year Quarter, Company shall deliver to Pey Dirt
an itemized statement setting forth the total shipments of Endorsed Products
during said Contract Year Quarter and, at the same time, shall pay to Pey
Dirt a royalty with respect to such shipments as hereinafter provided.  Such
royalties shall be based upon the actual invoice price of such shipments,
exclusive only of shipping charges and sales taxes, and shall be at the rate
of 8.5% of the total of said invoice prices with a minimum invoice price
of $2.50 per box.
      (b)   In addition to the royalty payments set forth above, Company
agrees to grant Pey Dirt an option to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 shares
of Company's publicly traded and registered stock (the "Shares") at an
exercise price of $0.15 per share (the "Option"), which Option shall vest
and become unrestricted when the SEC declares Company's registration
statement effective (anticipated to be no later than November 30, 1999) and
shall be exercisable until June 30, 2004.  As further inducement to Pey Dirt
to enter into this Agreement, Company and Pey Dirt will enter into that
certain Option Agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement, which shall
govern all aspects of the Option.
      (c)   Further, Pey Dirt will be entitled to fifty percent
(50%) of all gross profits (i.e., gross revenues less only Company's
actual out-of-pocket costs of obtaining the raw merchandise) generated from
merchandise related to the Endorsed Products and/or the Manning
Identification, said merchandise to be advertised exclusively on the back
panel of each box of Endorsed Products.  Except for the advertising of
merchandise related to the Endorsed Products and/or the Manning
Identification, no other use of the back panel of each box of Endorsed
Products is permitted without Pey Dirt's prior written consent.  It is agreed
that all such merchandise must be mutually approved in all respects by the
parties hereto, including, without limitation, the style, design and cost
thereof.
      (d)   In addition to and separate from any other remuneration
hereunder, if Company uses any performance or service of Manning hereunder in
any way that is subject to the jurisdiction of any applicable artists' union,
guild or other organization (including, without limitation, SAG and AFTRA),
either during or after the Contract Period, Company shall pay directly to
such organization all minimum payments or fees (for benefit plans or
otherwise) required to be made with respect to Manning's performance or
services.
      (e)   If, at any time during the Contract Period, Company shall enter
into any agreement (the terms of what are significantly the same as the terms
hereof) in connection with the production and sale of Company's products
using the name, likeness, photographic representation or signature of any
other National Football League quarterback (active or retired), which
agreement provides for the payment to such individual of remuneration in
excess of that set forth herein, then Company agrees it will immediately so
notify Pey Dirt
                                     -3-
and, at the same time, shall, retroactive to the effective
date of such other agreement, increase the rate of remuneration paid to Pey
Dirt hereunder up to the highest then-current rate paid by Company to any
such National Football League quarterback (active or retired) for a regional
endorsement deal.
      5.    Notices and Submissions.  Pey Dirt hereby designates
International Merchandising Corporation, IMG Center, Suite 100, 1360 East 9th
Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attn.: Peter Johnson, as Pey Dirt's authorized
agent for all purposes hereunder.  All notices, submissions and/or requests
for approval to be made, obtained or delivered by Company to Pey Dirt
pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered to said address free of all
charges such as, for example, shipping charges and customs charges.  In the
event that any such charges are paid by Pey Dirt or by Pey Dirt's authorized
agent, Company agrees to make prompt reimbursement.
      6.    Payments; Books and Records. (a) Pey Dirt may elect to havepayments made by check, wire transfer or bank transfer.  Unless such election
has been made in writing, all payments shall be made by check drawn to the
order of "Pey Dirt, Inc." and delivered to IMG, Suite 100, 1360 East 9th
Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attn.: Peter Johnson.  Past due payments
hereunder shall bear interest at the rate of (i) one and one-half percent
(1-1/2%) per month, or (ii) the maximum interest rate permissible under
law, whichever is less.
      (b)   Company agrees that it will keep accurate and complete records
and books of account showing all Endorsed Products shipped by it and the
price thereof.  Pey Dirt, or its representatives, shall, upon two weeks'
written notice, have the right at all reasonable times (prior to the
expiration of two (2) years after the termination of the Contract Period) to
inspect and make copies of the books and records of Company insofar as they
shall relate to the computation of royalties to be paid to Pey Dirt hereunder
and the shipment of Endorsed Products pursuant to this Agreement.  In the
event that any such inspections show an underreporting and underpayment in
excess of five percent (5%) for any twelve (12) month period, then Company
shall pay the cost of such examination.
      7.    Labels/Packaging. (a) It is understood that each of the Endorsed
Products shipped by Company or its container or the packaging therefor shall
have affixed thereto a label or other permanent identification which includes
Manning Identification.
      (b)   It is hereby agreed that the back panel of the Endorsed Products'
packaging will feature ad copy or offers as determined by Pey Dirt and its
agent, subject to Company's right to reasonably reject such materials only if
such materials are clearly offensive to a majority of the populace.  Any and
all revenues generated by such ad copy or offers shall be disbursed in
accordance with Section 4(c) above.  Further, the side panel of the Endorsed
Products packaging shall feature a charity or other entity of Manning's sole
choice.  All packaging costs shall be Company's sole responsibility.
                                      -4-
      8.    Trademarks.  Should Company, at any time or times during the
Contract Period, desire to register a trademark or trademarks which include
Manning Identification, or which relate in any manner to Manning, and/or to
register Company as a user thereof, Pey Dirt shall execute any and all
documents which the parties reasonably believe to be necessary or desirable
for registration or protection of such trademark or trademarks in the name of
Manning.  All costs related to any such trademarks shall be borne by Company,
and ownership of any such trademarks shall rest solely in the name of Pey
Dirt or its designee.  Upon registration of any such trademark, Pey Dirt
shall grant to Company a license for the use of such registered trademark on
or in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of Endorsed
Products, which license shall be coextensive and coterminous with the rights
granted thereunder with respect to Manning Identification and shall require
no increase in the payments set forth but shall contain such additional
provisions as Pey Dirt reasonably believes are necessary for the protection
of such trademark registered in the name of Manning or Pey Dirt. Company
agrees that it will not file, during the Contract Period or thereafter, any
application for trademark registration or otherwise obtain or attempt to
obtain ownership of any trademark or trade name within the Contract Territory
or in any other country of the world which consists of Manning Identification
or any mark, design or logo intended to make reference to Manning or to
identify products endorsed by Manning.  In the event that, prior to the
Contract Period, Company has filed one or more applications for registration
of any such trademark, or otherwise has obtained any rights to such
trademark, Company agrees to cause such applications and/or trademarks to be
assigned and transferred to Pey Dirt forthwith.
      9.    Products for the Use of Pey Dirt. During the Contract Period,
Company shall supply Pey Dirt and/or its agent with such amounts of Endorsed
Products as Pey Dirt and/or its agent may reasonably request.  Company agrees
to pay all charges in connection with the delivery of Endorsed Products to
Pey Dirt and/or Pey Dirt's agent, including shipping charges, air freight
charges and customs charges.  Company agrees to reimburse Pey Dirt's
authorized agent for all such expenses incurred by it in connection with the
transfer of Endorsed Products to Pey Dirt and/or Pey Dirt's agent.
      10.   Services of Manning.  If Company desires to utilize the services
of Manning as a model in connection with photographs or drawings for
advertising or for personal appearances, Pey Dirt agrees, at the reasonable
request of Company and upon adequate notice, to provide the services of
Manning at a time and place reasonably convenient to the schedule of Manning.
Company agrees that it will reimburse Pey Dirt for reasonable travel
(including first class air fare), lodging, ground transportation and meal
expenses incurred by Manning and one traveling companion designated by
Manning.  Company further agrees it will reimburse Pey Dirt's authorized
agent for reasonable travel (including air fare), lodging and meal expenses
incurred in providing one representative to accompany Manning.  Company
understands that if services are requested hereunder, such services may be
coordinated with similar services for others entitled to the use of Manning
Identification in other connections.  Company further understands that such
services may be required not more than once during the Contract Period for up
to one (1) hour. In the event that Company elects to use the services of
Manning in connection with television
                                      -5-advertising, Company shall make all required union scale and union pension
and welfare payments.  Company further understands that failure to utilize
services of Manning pursuant to this section shall not result in any
reduction in payments to Pey Dirt hereunder, nor may the obligation to
provide services be carried past the Contract Period.  The obligations of
Pey Dirt to provide the services of Manning hereunder are subject to the
condition that payments to Pey Dirt are current and up to date.
      11.   Force Majeure.  If, at any time during this Agreement, Pey Dirt
or Manning is prevented from or hampered or interrupted or interfered with in
any manner whatever in fully performing its/his duties hereunder, by reason
of any present or future statute, law, ordinance, regulation, order, judgment
or decree, whether legislative, executive or judicial (whether or not valid),
act of God, earthquake, fire, flood, epidemic, accident, explosion, casualty,
lockout, boycott, strike, labor controversy (including but not limited to
threat of lockout, boycott or strike), riot, civil disturbance, war or armed
conflict (whether or not there has been an official declaration of war or
official statement as to the existence of a state of war), invasion,
occupation, intervention of military forces, act of public enemy, embargo,
delay of a common carrier, inability without default on Company's part to
obtain sufficient material, labor, transportation, power or other essential
commodity required in the conduct of its business; or by reason of any cause
beyond his reasonable control; or by reason of any other cause of any similar
nature (all of the foregoing being herein referred to as an "event of force
majeure"), then Pey Dirt's/Manning's obligations hereunder shall be suspended
as often as any such event of force majeure occurs and during such periods of
time as such events of force majeure exist and such non-performance shall not
be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement.
      12.   Default. (a) If either party at any time during the Contract
Period shall (i) fail to make any payment of any sum of money herein
specified to be made, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any of the
covenants, agreements or obligations hereunder (other than the payment of
money), the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement as follows: as
to subparagraph (i) if such payment is not made within ten (10) days after
the defaulting party shall have received written notice of such failure to
make payment, or as to subparagraph (ii) if such default is not cured within
thirty (30) days after the defaulting party shall have received written
notice specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such default.  In order
to be a sufficient notice hereunder, any such written notice shall specify in
detail each item of default and shall specify the provision of this Agreement
which applies to each item of default, and shall specify in detail the action
the defaulting party must take in order to cure each such item of default.
The termination rights set forth in this section shall not constitute the
exclusive remedy of the nondefaulting party hereunder, however, and if
default is made by either party hereunder, the other may resort to such other
remedies as said party would have been entitled to if this section had
been omitted from this Agreement.  Termination under the provisions of this
section shall be without prejudice to any rights or claims which the
terminating party may otherwise have against the defaulting party.
                                      -6-
      (b)   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the cure periods
set forth in subparagraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above only apply to Company's
first default under this Agreement.  Accordingly, Pey Dirt may, after
Company's first default has occurred under either subparagraph (a)(i) or
subparagraph (a)(ii) above and has been cured, thereafter immediately
terminate this Agreement upon any further defaults by Company hereunder
without providing Company an opportunity to cure any additional defaults.
      13.   Termination.  From and after the termination of the Contract
Period all of the rights of Company to the use of Manning Identification
shall cease absolutely and Company shall not thereafter use or refer to
Manning Identification in advertising or promotion in any manner whatsoever,
it being understood by Company that Manning Identification may be used at any
time by others in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Products
the shipment of which is completed after the termination of the Contract
Period.  It is further agreed that following termination of the Contract
Period, Company shall not advertise, promote, distribute or sell any item
whatsoever in connection with the use of any name, figure, design, logo,
trademark or trade name similar to or suggestive of Manning Identification.
      14.   Inventory of Endorsed Products on Termination/Expiration.  Any
Endorsed Products that may have been manufactured by or for Company prior to
the termination or expiration of the Contract Period may be sold by Company
during the ninety (90) day period next following the date of termination or
expiration; provided, however, that Company shall have no such rights unless
(a) Company is not in default of any of its obligations hereunder on the date
of termination or expiration, (b) within fifteen (15) days after the date of
termination or expiration, Company shall furnish to Pey Dirt a written
statement of the number and description of Endorsed Products actually in
stock on the date of termination or expiration, (c) the quantity of Endorsed
Products in stock on the date of termination or expiration is not in excess
of a reasonable inventory based upon Company's selling requirements of
Endorsed Products during the Contract Period, (d) Company shall continue to
pay to Pey Dirt with respect to such sales a royalty at the rates specified
herein, and (e) royalties payable pursuant to this section shall be paid
within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar month with respectto shipments made during such month.
     15.   Collegiate/National Football League Trademarks.  Nothing contained
herein shall be construed to convey to Company any rights to use the
trademarks, logos or uniform of the University of Tennessee, the Indianapolis
Colts, the National Football League or any other professional or amateur
football association (including any member clubs or teams of such
association) in conjunction with the rights granted hereunder.  All rights to
the use of such trademarks, logos or team identification must be acquired
from the University of Tennessee, the Indianapolis Colts, the National
Football League, or any other appropriate rights holder.
      16.   Indemnity.  Company agrees to protect, indemnify and save
harmless Pey Dirt, Pey Dirt's agent and Manning, or any of them, from and
against any and all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and
costs whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
                                     -7-
arising out of, or in any way connected with, this Agreement, Company's
default hereunder, the negligence, actions, errors or omissions of Company
or any claim or action for personal injury, death or otherwise involving
alleged defects in Company's Products, provided that Company shall be given
notice of any such action or claim.  Company agrees to provide and maintain,
at its own expense, general liability insurance and product liability
insurance with limits no less than $3,000,000 and within thirty (30) days
from the date hereof, Company will submit to Pey Dirt a fully paid policy or
certificate of insurance naming Pey Dirt, Pey Dirt's agent and Manning as
additional insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate
or materially modify such without written notice to Pey Dirt at least twenty
(20) days in advance thereof.
      17.   Waiver.  The failure of either party at any time or times to
demand strict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants or
conditions set forth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver or
relinquishment thereof and each may at any time demand strict and complete
performance by the other of said terms, covenants and conditions.
      18.   Bankruptcy. If Company shall become bankrupt or insolvent, or if
Company's business shall   be placed in the hands of a Receiver, Assignee or
Trustee, whether by voluntary act of Company r otherwise, the Contract
Period shall, at the option of Pey Dirt, immediately terminate.
      19.   Assignment. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of
Pey Dirt and the successors and assigns of Pey Dirt.  Nothing herein shall
prevent Pey Dirt from assigning the monetary benefits of this Agreement as it
may so desire.  Further, inasmuch as it is recognized that Pey Dirt is the
representative of Manning, Pey Dirt may at any time assign this Agreement to
Manning and, in such event, Pey Dirt shall have no further obligation or
liability in connection herewith and Pey Dirt's position vis-a-vis Company in
connection herewith shall be in all respects the same as if Pey Dirt had
signed this Agreement as agent rather than as principal from the beginning.
The rights granted Company hereunder shall be used only by it and shall not,
without the prior written consent of Pey Dirt, be transferred or assigned to
any other.  In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with any
other entity, Pey Dirt shall have the right to terminate the Contract Period
by so notifying Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days after Pey Dirt
has received notice of such merger or consolidation.
      20.   Arbitration.  In the event a dispute arises under this agreement
which cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be submitted to arbitration and
resolved by a single arbitrator (who shall be a lawyer) in accordance with
the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then
in effect.  All such arbitration shall take place at the office of the
American Arbitration Association located in Nashville, Tennessee.  Each party
is entitled to depose one (1) fact witness and any expert witness designated
by the other party, and to conduct such other discovery as the arbitrator
deems appropriate.  The award or decision rendered by the arbitrator shall be
final, binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award by
any court.
                                       -8-
      21.   Significance of Headings.  Section headings contained herein are
solely for the purpose of aiding in speedy location of subject matter and are
not in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.
Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the construction of this
Agreement, it is to be construed as though such section headings had been
omitted.
      22.   Entire Agreement.  This writing constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties hereto and may not be changed or modified except by a
writing signed by the party or parties to be charged thereby.
      23.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed and construed
according to the law of Tennessee.
      24.   Reservation of Rights.  All rights not herein specificallygranted to Company shall remain the property of Pey Dirt to be used in any
manner Pey Dirt deems appropriate.  Company understands that Pey Dirt has
reserved to itself the right to authorize others to use Pey Dirt
Identification within the Contract Territory and during the Contract Period
in connection with all tangible and intangible items and services other than
Products themselves.
      25.   No Joint Venture.  This Agreement does not constitute and shall
not be construed as constituting a partnership or joint venture between Turn
2 and Company.  Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the
other party in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shall
give, or is intended to give, any rights of any kind to any third person.
      26.   Authorization.  The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by Company and by Pey Dirt has been duly authorized and approved by
the Board of Directors of Company and by the Board of Directors of Pey Dirt
and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Company and of Pey Dirt
enforceable in accordance with its terms.
      27.   Execution and Delivery . This instrument shall not be considered
to be an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoever
on the part of Pey Dirt and Company, or either of them, unless and until it
has been personally signed by a representative of Pey Dirt and by a
representative of Company and delivery has been made of a fully signed
original.  Acceptance of the offer made herein is expressly limited to the
terms of the offer.
      28.   Liability.  In no event (including, but not limited to, Manning's
or Pey Dirt's default hereunder) shall Manning or Pey Dirt be liable to
Company (or any entity claiming through Company) for any amount in excess of
the amounts of royalties actually received by Pey Dirt hereunder, excluding
the reimbursement of expenses.  Under no circumstances will Manning or Pey
Dirt, on the one hand, or Company, on the other hand, be liable to the other
or any other entity for any special, consequential, indirect, exemplary
and/or punitive damages, or for loss of good will or business profits.
                                       -9-
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the par-ties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed as of the date first above written.
FAMOUS FIXINS, INC.                  PEY DIRT, INC.
By:  /s/ Jason Bauer                 By:  /s/ Peyton Manning
   ---------------------                ------------------------
     Jason Bauer                          Peyton Manning
     President                            President
                                    -10-ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT
         THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of this 1st day of January,
2000, by and between MOSSIMO, INC., 2450 White Road, 2nd Floor, Irvine,
California 92614 ("Company"), and DAVID DUVAL ENTERPRISES, INC. c/o
International Management, Inc., IMG Center, 1360 East 9th Street, Suite 100,
Cleveland, Ohio 44114 ("Licensor"):
                                   WITNESSETH:
         WHEREAS, David Duval ("Duval") is recognized as a highly skilled
professional golfer.
         WHEREAS, Company desires to obtain the rights to use the name, fame,
image and athletic renown of Duval in connection with the advertisement and
promotion of its products as provided herein;
         WHEREAS, Duval has licensed all such rights to Licensor, along with the
right to sublicense such rights to third parties.
         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
         1.       DEFINITIONS.  As used herein, the following terms shall be
defined as set forth below:
         (a)      "Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on
                  January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless
                  terminated sooner as provided herein.
         (b)      "Contract Year" shall mean the consecutive 12-month period
                  beginning on any January 1st during the Contract Period.
         (c)      "Products" shall mean casual apparel consisting of men's
                  pants, shirts, sweaters, windshirts and raingear.
         (d)      "Duval Identification" means the right to use, subject to the
                  provisions hereof, Duval's name, fame, nickname, initials,
                  autograph, voice, video or film portrayals, facsimile
                  signature, photograph, likeness and image or facsimile image,
                  and any other means of endorsement by Duval used in connection
                  with the advertisement and promotion of Company's Products.
         (e)      "Contract Territory" shall mean worldwide.
         (f)      "Outerwear" shall mean the golf shirts, sweaters, windshirts
                  and raingear worn by Duval when he plays professional golf.
                                      -1-
         (g)      "Exempt Status" shall mean Duval has earned full playing
                  privileges on the PGA Tour each year of the contract term.
         2. GRANT OF RIGHTS. In consideration of the remuneration to be paid to
Licensor pursuant hereto, Licensor grants to Company the right and license
during the Contract Period to use the Duval Identification solely in connection
with the advertisement and promotion of Company's Products within the Contract
Territory as set forth herein. Licensor agrees not to grant the right to use the
Duval Identification to anyone other than Company in connection with the
advertisement and promotion of Products. It is understood that Company may not
use the Duval Identification in connection with any items for sale or resale,
other than Company Products as specified herein.
         3. PRIOR APPROVAL. Company agrees that no use of the Duval
Identification nor any item used in connection with the Duval Identification
will be made hereunder unless and until the same has been approved by Licensor.
Licensor agrees that any material, advertising or otherwise, submitted for
approval as provided&sbsp;herein may be deemed by Company to have been approved
hereunder if the same is not disapproved in writing within ten (10) business
days after receipt thereof. Licensor agrees that any material submitted
hereunder will not be unreasonably disapproved and, if it is disapproved, that
Company will be advised of the specific grounds therefor. If Company desires
immediate approval of advertising material hereunder, Company shall have the
right to directly contact Licensor's authorized agent to obtain such approval.
Company agrees to protect, indemnify and save harmless Licensor, Duval and their
authorized agent, or any of them, from and against any and all expenses,
damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs whatsoever, arising out of,
or in any way connected with, any advertising material furnished by, or on
behalf of, Company.
         4. REMUNERATION. (a) In consideration of the rights herein granted
hereunder, Company shall pay to Licensor the annual fee set forth in the
schedule below (the "Annual Fee").
                 Year                           Annual Fee
                 ----                           ----------2000                            $850,000
                 2001             $850,000 plus amounts paid under Section
                                                 5 in 2000
                 2002             $850,000 plus amounts paid under Section
                                             5 in 2000 and 2001
                 2003             $850,000 plus amounts paid under Section
                                               5 in 2000-2002
One-half of the Annual Fee will be due on or before January 1 and July 1 of each
Contract Year.
         (b) As additional remuneration hereunder, Company agrees to pay
Licensor an Additional License Fee of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($1,500,000) to be paid
                                      -2-
in quarterly installments on or before January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1
of the first Contract Year.
         (c)      Licensor agrees that Duval must achieve and maintain Exempt
                  Status on the PGA Tour throughout each Contract Year and must
                  participate as a player in a minimum of fifteen (15) official
                  PGA Tour events each Contract Year (Minimum Annual Performance
                  Requirements). Licensor also agrees that the Additional
                  License Fee set forth in Section 4 (b), is an advance payment
                  earned at a rate of $375,000 on each annual anniversary date
                  beginning December 31, 2000. In the event Duval does not meet
                  the Minimum Annual Performance Requirements for a Contract
                  Year, $375,000 of the Additional License Fee will be deemed to
                  be unearned. Any unearned Additional License Fee is fully
                &bbsp; refundable and due Company no later then January 31st of the
                  following year. In the event the Company terminates the
                  Agreement in accordance with Section 16, any unearned
                  Additional License Fee will be fully refundable and due the
                  Company as set forth in Section 16.
         5. ADDITIONAL REMUNERATION. It is agreed that should Duval achieve any
of the accomplishments set forth in the following schedule during the Contract
Period, then Company will pay Licensor the additional remuneration set forth
below for each such accomplishment due to the increased value in the Duval
Identification.
                                 Accomplishment                    Additional Remuneration
                                 --------------                    -----------------------
                                                                
PGA Tour Win                                                               $25,000
PGA Tour 2-5 place finish                                                  $10,000
World Championship Event Win                                               $40,000
World Championship Event 2-5 place finish                                  $15,000
Major Win (Masters, U.S. Open, British Open, PGA Championship)            $100,000
Major 2-5 place finish                                                     $25,000
Named to Ryder Cup or President's Cup Team                                 $15,000
Player of the Year                                                         $40,000
All additional remuneration will be due within thirty (30) days of each such
accomplishment. Company agrees that all additional remuneration earned by
Licensor during each Contract Year will be added to the Annual Fee for each
remaining Contract Year during the Contract Period.
         6. PAYMENTS. Licensor may elect to have payments made by check, wire
transfer, or bank transfer. Unless such election has been made in writing, all
payments shall be made by check drawn to the order of "David Duval Enterprises,
Inc." and delivered to c/o IMG Center,
                                      -3-
1360 East 9th Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, Attention: Treasurer. Past due
payments hereunder shall bear interest at the rate of (a) one and one-half
percent (1-1/2%) per month, or (b) the maximum interest rate permissible under
law, whichever is less. All amounts herein are in United States Dollars.
         7. MARKETING COMMITMENT. Company agrees that it will aggressively
promote Duval and his association with Company and Company Products each
Contract Year during the Contract Period.
         8. SERVICES OF DUVAL. (a) If Company desires to utilize the services of
Duval as a model in connection with Company advertising to promote its products
or for personal appearances to promote Company, Licensor agrees, at the request
of Company to provide the services of Duval upon a reasonable number&bbsp;of days as
mutually agreed upon and at places reasonably convenient to his schedule.
Company agrees that it will reimburse Licensor for all reasonable travel,
lodging and meal expenses incurred by Licensor or Duval in connection with suchservices. Company further understands that failure to utilize services of Duval
pursuant to this section shall not result in any reduction in payments to
Licensor hereunder nor may the obligation to provide services be carried forward
or backward to any Contract Year. The obligations of Licensor to provide
services of Duval hereunder are subject to the condition that payments to
Licensor are current and up to date.
         (b) Should Company use Duval in television advertising to promote
Company's Products, Company will make all applicable required union scale and
pension and welfare payments. Company and Licensor will mutually agree on the
portion of the Annual Fee that shall be allocated for such broadcast services.
         (c) Licensor agrees to cause Duval to wear Company's Products sold by
Company when playing professional golf, and while participating in golf
exhibitions and outings, upon the condition that Company supply Duval with such
amounts of properly fitting Products, in fabrics and styles approved by Duval
and Company, as Duval may reasonably request which are suitable for his use in
tournament competition. Company agrees to pay all charges in connection with the
delivery of such Products to Duval, including shipping charges, air freight
charges and customs charges. Company agrees to reimburse Licensor's authorized
agent for all such expenses incurred by it in connection with the transfer of
such Products to Duval.
         (d) Licensor agrees that Duval will consult with Company as reasonably
requested regarding the development of a Company golf line of Products or a
Duval Signature Line of Products as mutually agreed upon. Company agrees that
Licensor will receive additional remuneration in connection with such golf line
or signature line, whether as a royalty or otherwise, as mutually agreed upon.
         9. COMPANY IDENTIFICATION. (a) It is agreed that the logo or name of
Company (or Company's subsidiaries as mutually agreed upon) (the "Company Logo")
shall be affixed to mutually agreed upon locations of Duval's Outerwear,
excluding the right sleeve which is reserved for one of Licensor's other
sponsors, which he wears when he plays professional golf.
                                      -4-
Company agrees that it will be responsible for, and the cost of, affixing the
Company Logo on all such Outerwear. Furthermore, Company understands that if
Duval participates in a special team event where there is an official uniform,
then Duval is permitted to wear such uniform during such event (e.g. Ryder Cup,
President's Cup, etc.).
         (b) Company shall provide and maintain, at its own expense, commercial
general liability insurance and advertising injury coverage, with limits of not
less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), and shall cause such policy to be
endorsed to state that Duval is an additional named insured thereunder. A
certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage shall be furnished to Duval
within thirty (30) days of the full execution of this Agreement. Such insurance
policy shall provide that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify
such policy or remove Duval as an additional named insured without prior written
notice to Duval at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
         10. AUTHORIZED AGENT. Licensor hereby designates International
Management, Inc., IMG Center, 1360 East 9th Street, Suite 100, Cleveland, Ohio
44114, Attention: Charley Moore as its authorized agent for all purposes
hereunder. All notices or submissions to be made or delivered by Company to
Licensor pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered to said address free of
all charges such as, for example, shipping charges and customs charges. In the
event that any such charges are paid by Licensor or by its authorized agent,
Company agrees to make prompt reimbursement.
         11. DEFAULT. (a) If either party at any time during the Contract Period
shall (i) fail to make any payment of any sum of money herein specified to be
made, or (ii) fail to observe or&bbsp;perform any of the covenants, agreements or
obligations hereunder (other than the payment of money), the nondefaulting party
may terminate this Agreement as follows: as to (i) if such payment is not made
within ten (10) days after the defaulting party shall have received written
notice of such failure to make payment, or as to (ii) if such default is not
cured within thirty (30) days after the defaulting party shall have received
written notice specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such default. In
order to be a sufficient notice hereunder, any such written notice shall specify
in detail each item of default and shall specify the provision of this Agreement
which applies to each item of default, and shall specify in detail the action
the defaulting party is required to take in order to cure each item of default.
The termination rights set forth in this section shall not constitute the
exclusive remedy of the nondefaulting party hereunder, however, and if default
is made by either party hereunder, the other may resort to such other remedies
as said party would have been entitled to if this section had been omitted from
this Agreement, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Termination under the
provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any rights or claims
which the terminating party may otherwise have against the defaulting party, and
if Company is the defaulting party, Company shall be responsible for any and all
payments due under the terms of this Agreement in addition to other liabilities
set forth above.
         (b) If Company shall become bankrupt or insolvent, or if Company's
business shall be placed in the hands of a receiver, assignee or trustee,
whether by voluntary act of Company or otherwise, the Contract Period shall, at
the election of Licensor, immediately terminate.
                                      -5-12. USE OF DUVAL IDENTIFICATION AFTER TERMINATION. From and after the
termination of the Contract Period all of the rights of Company to the use of
the Duval Identification shall cease absolutely and Company shall not thereafter
use or refer to the Duval Identification in advertising or promotion in any
manner whatsoever. It is further agreed that following termination of the
Contract Period, Company shall not advertise, promote, distribute or sell any
item whatsoever in connection with the use of any name, figure, design, logo,
trademark or trade name similar to or suggestive of the Duval Identification.
         13. TRADEMARKS. Company agrees that it will not file, during the
Contract Period or thereafter, any application for trademark registration or
otherwise obtain or attempt to obtain ownership of any trademark or trade name
within the Contract Territory or in any other country of the world which
consists of the Duval Identification or any mark, design or logo intended to
make reference to Duval or to identify products endorsed by Duval. In the event
that, prior to commencement of the Contract Period, Company has filed one or
more applications for registration of any such trademark, or otherwise has
obtained any rights to such trademark, Company agrees to cause such applications
and/or trademarks to be assigned and transferred to Licensor forthwith.
         14. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. All rights not herein specifically granted
to Company shall remain the property of Licensor to be used in any manner
Licensor deems appropriate. Company understands that Licensor has reserved the
right to authorize others to use Duval Identification within the Contract
Territory and during the Contract Period in connection with all tangible and
intangible items and services other than Products themselves.
         15. INDEMNITY. Company agrees to protect, indemnify and save harmless
Licensor, Duval and their authorized agent, or any of them, from and against any
and all expenses, damages, claims, suits, actions, judgments and costs
whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of, or in any way
connected with, actions or omissions of Company, any advertising material
furnished by, or on behalf of, Company or any claim or action for personal
injury, death or other cause of action involving alleged defects in Company's
Products or services. Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own
expense, general commercial and product liability insurance with limits no less
than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) and naming Licensor and Duval as
additional named insureds. Within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Company
will submit to Licensor evidence of such policy, requiring that the insurer
shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Licensor
at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
         16. SPECIAL RIGHT OF TERMINATION. Company shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensor if the commercial value
of the Duval Identification is substantially reduced because Duval (i) has
engaged in illegal or immoral conduct resulting in a felony conviction; or (ii)
fails an officially sanctioned drug test or is criminally convicted of any drug
related offense. Any termination pursuant to this paragraph shall become
effective on the 30th day next following the date of receipt by Licensor of
Company's written notice to so terminate.
                                      -6-
         17. LIMITED LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
in the event Company incurs any expenses, damages or other liabilities
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) in connection with
the performance or non-performance of any term or provision hereof, Licensor's
liability to Company shall not exceed the remuneration, excluding reimbursement
of expenses, actually paid to Licensor by Company. In no event will Licensor be
liable for any indirect, incidental, reliance, special or consequential damages
arising out of the performance or non-performance of this Agreement, whether or
not Licensor had been advised of the possibility of such damages. It is
understood that Duval is not a party hereto and has no liability hereunder but
is an intended specific third party creditor beneficiary hereof.
         18. WAIVER. The failure of either party at any time or times to demand
strict performance by the other of any of the terms, covenants or conditions set
forth herein shall not be construed as a continuing waiver or relinquishment
thereof and each may at any time demand strict and complete performance by the
other of said terms, covenants and conditions. Any waiver of such rights must be
set forth in writing.
         19. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared
illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable by any judicial or administrative
authority, the validity of any other provision and of the entire Agreement shall
not be affected thereby.
         20. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of
Licensor, and the successors and assigns of Licensor. The rights granted Company
hereunder are personal to it, shall be used only by it or its affiliate and
shall not without the prior written consent of Licensor be transferred or
assigned to any other party. In the event of the merger or consolidation of
Company with any other entity, Licensor shall have the right to terminate the
Contract Period by so notifying Company in writing within sixty (60) days
following Licensor's receipt of notice of such merger or consolidation.
         21. ARBITRATION/GOVERNING LAW. This agreement shall be governed by, and
its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio,
without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws. In the event a dispute
arises under this agreement which cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be
submitted to arbitration and resolved by a single arbitrator (who shall be a
lawyer not employed by or associated with either party to this agreement) in
accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association then in effect. All such arbitration shall take place at the officeof the American Arbitration Association located in Cleveland, Ohio. Each party
is entitled to depose one (1) fact witness and any expert witness retained by
the other party, and to conduct such other discovery as the arbitrator deems
appropriate. The award or decision rendered by the arbitrator shall be final,
binding and conclusive and judgment may be entered upon such award by any court.
         22. SIGNIFICANCE OF HEADINGS. Section headings contained herein are
solely for the purpose of&bbsp;aiding in speedy location of subject matter and are
not in any sense to be given weight in the construction of this Agreement.
Accordingly, in case of any question with respect to the
                                      -7-
construction of this Agreement, it is to be construed as though such section
headings had been omitted.
         23. NO JOINT VENTURE. This Agreement does not constitute and shall not
be construed as constituting an association, partnership, joint venture or
relationship of principal and agent or employer and employee between Licensor
and Company. Neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the other
party in any manner whatsoever, and, except as expressly set forth herein,
nothing herein contained shall give, or is intended to give, any rights of any
kind to any third person.
         24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This writing constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties hereto and may not be changed or modified except by a
writing signed by the party or parties to be charged thereby.
         25. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This instrument shall not be considered to
be an agreement or contract nor shall it create any obligation whatsoever on the
part of Licensor and Company, or either of them, unless and until it has been
personally signed by a representative of Licensor and by a representative of
Company and delivery has been made of a fully signed original. Acceptance of the
offer made herein is expressly limited to the terms of the offer.
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first above written.
MOSSIMO, INC.                                  DAVID DUVAL ENTERPRISES, INC.
By:      /s/ Edwin Lewis                       By:  /s/ David Duval
   -------------------------------                ------------------------------
     Name: Edwin Lewis                              Name: David Duval
     Title: President and CEO
                                       -8-